An RPG/CitySim game where you're the mayor of a small village trying to figure out how to protect said village from all the crazy stuff that goes on in RPGs. Heros who rifle through everyone's trash, villains demanding money or threatening the town, monsters, impending doom of the world, etc.
An open world superhero/super villain game where you can choose your starting power (probably something weak), unlock more powers, customise super suit, and balance life with your alter egos simple job Clark Kent style. That would be sick.
I always wanted a villain spinoff. For pokemon you are team rocket and can steal other trainers pokemon or a legend of zelda where you are ganon and you go around the different areas and dungeons spreading evil. It could work for a ton of games to flesh out the antagonists.
A SINGLEPLAYER game that plays just like escape from tarkov.
A 100% science-based game about dragons.
A GTA-like open world but you're a cop. Like, not a super-hero cop that can 1vs10 the bad guys, just a regular cop who patrols the streets. And as the game progresses, you can rank up, and as you rank up, you can choose to become a corrupt officer or keep enforcing law.
Skyrim, but Harry Potter. Design your character, get sorted, go to school, do sidequests like helping house elves or whatever... beautiful.
I always wanted some kind of mash up of GTA with The Sims. So much customization and I love simulation games, but I'd love to be able to have an adult aspect to it.
So get this it's a VR game about going to the DMV
A classic near 1:1 adaptation of a turn-based tabletop rpg system.  Pathfinder:Kingmaker was very close, but getting rid of the grid during battles and making combat real time really kind of killed it for me.
Hyper realistic open world animal survival simulator where you can play as a large variety of different predators and prey
A race in a supermarket using shopping carts and depending on which shopping cart you use it could be faster, slower, have fast turns, etc.
Open World Hogwarts student story. Before or after the HP series it doesn't matter. Similar to Skyrims mechanics but with cut scenes. Either house you pick has a different story line. The different types of magical study's are your skill tree. You have to choose which skills you'll be better at. Duelist Guild, Potions club, Quiditch team, Historical club. Resembling Darkbrotherhood/Warriors Guild/Mages guild/Theives guild.

Plague inc but realistic. It would probably be impossible to win but would be pretty fun
Some crazy combination of Clash of Clans, SimCity, and Empire Total War. However, unlike CoC your base is impermanent and can be captured or totally wiped out by a player and your kingdom and any colonies you make are in a fixed location
Just recently I thought about how cool it would be if they made a new Bushido Blade game but with the fighting mechanics from Sekiro.
GTA in my city
Star Wars open world MMO  You start as a padawan and learn to use the force and you build a lightsaber and it's all about customization. You can travel to different galaxies and star systems. You can choose to be light or dark or gray. You can do smuggling missions. You can buy a ship and customize it. You can be a stormtrooper. There are raids and battles.   The world travel of No Man's Sky, the combat system of Battlefront, the open world RPG feel of Witcher, the progression system of WoW.  Would take like 10 years to make, but I'll wait.
Always thought of something like a guy getting lost in a subway system and the further he goes he somehow goes through different time periods or different universes type deals all in the subway.
A GTA like open world where you are a dead man trying to solve the mystery of your own murder. You get many abilities normally associated with ghosts, like possession, visions, telekinesis, etc. They get better and more powerful over time.   But if you are doing too much good in the world, war angels come from the sky and try to bring you to heaven. If you're doing too much bad, you have to evade and fight off the demons trying to drag you to hell.   The object of the game is story driven, and you're trying to solve the mystery of your own murder before moving on. The fun side-stuff involves building up or destroying the community around you.
A medieval fantasy action/RPG style game that heavily focuses on your character and the animations of the game. What I mean is simple animations from walking and running, to all the fighting and combos you would have at your disposal when using a variety of weapons.   I don’t know, I want the game to be hyper focused on the animations and making as many small touches that some people might appreciate. I always love the little idle animations developers give to characters so I would kind of want the game to revolve around that but have this big, open, beautiful world you can explore. Sounds silly, but I’ve imagined so many of the animations and how they would look.
A Pokémon version of viva piñata
A bit like Ready Player One’s Oasis, that would be cool
I've always wanted a skate game that has the slow motion injuries of mortal combat.
One that’s like Grand Theft Auto but instead it’s set in New York in the 50’s and you have to become an undercover gangster and join the mafia. I feel like that would be so cool.
Open world feudal Japan. Create a character (ninja, samurai, ronin,etc). Basically an open world Ninja Scroll or if you want a different style Samurai Champloo.
A cod game based on the life of Viktor Reznov, from the revolution, to WW2, to his death in vorkuta.
A fighting game about one of those:  - Youtube celebrities  - Famous internet martial artists  - Filthy Frank Characters
A photo-realistic procedurally-generated multiplayer hiking simulator. I used to love going on all-day hikes with friends, seeing beautiful vistas around every bend in the trail. Now I can't even get down for a walk in the park a few blocks over.
Sandbox warrior cats game!
Civil War game with very simple weapons. When you start, you spawn on either the North or the South based on which team needs more soldiers. The game is always on and alive with the North and South boundaries changing based on how the war effort is going.
I always thought the movie ***Lucy*** had better potential as a game. Get away from the Johny Depp "Transcendence" type progression and make it more about higher cognitive behaviour and body control (sticking with movies - more ***Limitless*** and ***The Matrix***\-y - you get more creative options, time almost slows down when you need, you remember fight scenes from tv), eventually facing the limits of what the human body can stand - where you die, game over.  &#x200B;  And the slow onset of abilities verses the fact your character might be dying and has to find a cure/solution acts as dilemma/motivator. And the foreign languages would have you piecing shit together randomly, but as you go Languages start to get easier to your character. You can learn things fast but face a time constraint, Especially with bad guys with means after what's in your tum tum.
Setting: League of Legends  Genre: MMO  Combat: Black Desert  Leveling: Runescape  Raids/Instances/General Multiplayer: Destiny  &#x200B;  Bland this all together and im happy.
A zombie game that isn't shit
Mass Effect 2 era (or before) BioWare making a Bladerunner game.
I would love a Skyrim like game except with 2-4 players. You could either travel together or go your own separate ways and have your own adventure. Anything one person does in the world could potentially affect everyone else such as killing an essential NPC or triggering an event that affects the whole world.   I just want to play together with a few of my buddies but not be bound to each other. It would be cool to just be playing and then randomly run into each other, do a quest or dungeon together, and then head off back to your own adventure.
A story about surviving as a jew in Nazi occupied territory. Think of the intense cut scenes or palm sweating moments of crawling under the wooden floor as they search above you. Start there but twist into a rebellion effort. Maybe having to do with the Warsaw Ghetto uprising, Slovakian uprising or the Bielski family. Not a overdone WWII game but real basic rebellion with all the passion that would inspire massively out numbered and out gunned families to fight one of the most terrifying forces on earth at this time.
I want a GOOD zombie apocalypse base builder kinda thing. Like you start off with like you and a few people and gotta build up, worry about defense from zombies and people trying to take ur stuff. And your base grows and grows, then you need more food, fire wood, guns, etc.
A complete open world wilderness survival game made in depth. You have to collect resources to survive. You have a loose randomly selected starting set of items and a situation. Based off of the book hatchet by Gary Paulson
i was always thinking like a WWII game, but the story mode focused on the USSR. it sprouted from [this song](https://youtu.be/dsgoMC1wHUE)  , which i felt would be perfect for the battle of berlin (decisive soviet victory, death of adolf hitler), and if you listen to it you can even see how it could be looped with enough skill.
Republic Commando 2 :(
Battlefield, but for current modern technology. Basically just a BF3 reboot with today's technology.
A fighting game with a music mechanic. Either side can change the music in their theme/style through combos, supers and denying the enemy the same. If both sides are doing well, but things haven't changed for 10-20s, both sides get the buff in a theme mashup. Whoever has the music on their side gets stronger through new moves/combos, faster meter, and a % increase to stats. Having the music on your side for too long makes it easier for the other side to break your momentum, and each time the music flips, the effects get stronger.
A game where you wield a dragon dildo and use it to penetrate politicians.
An Ant-Man Game, In which every size change has a risk of failure with it, you could go all the way to the quantum realm (which would be like extra hard to get out of) or you could be skyscraper high (with the risk being too heavy and destroying roads, falling into subways and doing a lot of damage etc.)  And the entire game perspective and gameplay would change with your prize (If small, you jump higher and punch harder, and if giant, you couldn't jump and would move slowly, but do tons of dmg)
V for Vendetta like Assassins creed.
WALUIGI ONLY
Mortal Kombat XL with the roster from injustice 2 added. I want to see those horror movie icons fight DC characters, and I'd like to see the DC Character's X-Ray moves.
There might be a game like this already, but I'm rather curious about what it would be like if you experienced some apocalyptic, Chosen One kind of story...as the sidekick, or as a spectator, or as the one who has to clean up all the collateral damage (I think there was a show about this, I'm unsure). It might sound boring, but I'm curious to see how it'll play out.
A multiplayer , storyline rpg where you fight live and solve puzzles.
I would love for an open world action RPG to be made out of the Game of Thrones series, taking place during the time span of the Hbo show but I wouldnt want to be any of the lead character. I would want to pick and choose my character in typical RPG style and would want an expansive choice system, where I could decide on a smaller scale at first how the world works, and then if I want i could get into the political on a grader scale. Honestly if it could also play like the Witch 3 that would be cool too.
A combination of Saw and Until Dawn. You get to choose who dies
I had this idea about a video game where you take on the role of a human body's immune system and you have to manage resources to fight off waves of invading diseases.
A VR game where you can stop time for as long as you want or for a certain amount of time and interact with The World.
A game where you’d be able to explore the island of ”Wii Sports Resort”. Not with the stupid plane but actually walk around and visit the houses, drive around on the streets etc.
A 99 vs 1 Battle Royal Horror Game.   The Set-up: 99 people / players spawn into a classic 1950-70s residential [American suburb](https://imgur.com/og9IicJ). The time of day is night with the glare of the moon as the only light source.   The game is played in first person and the objective is to loot the town for supplies for firearms, food and healing kits.   Players will need to work together to take down the other player.   Now you might ask, "Who is the 1 player the 99 other players are up against?".  The other player is behind the wheel of an 18-wheeler truck with high beam lights, menacing horns and a speed faster than any of the other players can run. It is equipped with a bull-dosser attachment capable of demolishing every house in the area.  Players must try to shoot all 18-wheels of the truck to win the game. Every wheel shot causes the truck to be slower. The truck driver must run over all the other players to win the game.
You play the villain but you don't know that you are the in game villain until the final battle. You then have a choice to stop and save everyone or take over the world. (DLC of playing as the heros)
A Marvel vs DC Fighting Game Crossover. This idea has some real-world chance of happening and I would love to see it come to life.
Sounds like a bait from a company who ran out of ideas.
Can’t say because I don’t want it to be taken
I see what you're doing here, you can't steal my idea!
A Marvel vs DC fighting game.
A space warfare game set in the Honor Harrington universe.
Ok so I was just talking about this with a co-worker today.  My dream game would be like civilization, but the battles would be fought RTS style like StarCraft where your resources are based on your civilizations economy and population and stuff. Then in the battle you can drop yourself into individual units and play them like a 3rd person shooter/musou game.
Some Dishonored type with Japanese Feudal themes.
A fighting game with characters based off of the movie, Bloodsport (Jean-Claude Van Damme, Forest Whitaker). With an option to create your own fighter and take them through the Kumite.
\[Mirror's Edge\] Environment and parkour elements + \[Portal\] Portal gun and its core mechanic + \[Shadow of the Colossus\] Huge monsters.
A VR game like GTA where you can just explore the city and you can do random stuff
A "Nintendo Universe" game, similar in concept to Smash Bros but not a fighting game, where the whole Nintendo universe collides and you have to play through various worlds as different characters. You'll explore Zebes as Mario, using his powers and skill sets to fight space pirates, for instance. In another level you're Olimar, and you find yourself able to control Deku rather than Pikmin, which you will use to traverse the dungeons of Hyrule and stop Ganon. And so on.     I imagine the mix up of gameplay styles would be very interesting.
I want a 'superhero' game were you can be a superhero or a villain, but before you play you can design the city whichever way you want and if you play as a villain then theres a superhero that fights you whenever you attack. The same vice versa. I want to be able to pick my powers as well and be able to choose my backstory
A marvel fighting game injustice 2 style
A Legend of Zelda from Zelda's point of view. She builds magic power and learns deep and mystical secrets while occasionally meeting this boy she can send off to fetch the bits and pieces he will need to defeat the enemy. Then she helps him without his knowledge in the final battle.
Breath of the Wild, but Pokemon.   Whenever you get close enough to aggro wild pokemon or other trainers you automatically throw out the first in your party (or an optional time slow where you can choose who to throw out) and control switches to the pokemon during the fight.   The combat is all action, not turn based. Each pokemon has a basic attack string and 4 special moves that they learn as they level up or via TMs just like in the main line games.
A space exploration MMO like No Man's Sky in design but you can modify and change the design of your spaceship. Have more space or weapons but loose speed, have a hyperdrive but require a ship of a certain size or go stealth but it uses extra power to go undetected.  In this universe there are safe zones like the citadel from mass effect where in the MMO it would be a safe zone for people to congregate but these safe zones move so no one place is always safe. People in this game explore planets build bases and look for resources. If needed they fight on the planet and in space.   Some planets are naturally hostile while others peaceful, the loot is random but some places have ruins of a lost civilizations with powerful tech that can give you the advantage. You could build fleets to fight huge space battles, do trade missions and join different teams.   TL;DR An MMO like no man's sky in design where you can explore world's but with the crafting system of Space engineers to build and craft your own ships in an MMO.
Gta style game featuring REAL towns and cities
A Witcher 3/Skyrim/RDR2 Game of Thrones hybrid. Or an open world Harry Potter/Avatar The Last Airbender game.
I want a Medieval, Ope-World MMO with minimal NPCs. I want it to have a growing and expanding world where players can start their own factions, go to war with other factions, and vie for power and land.
A proper open world offline Star Wars game where you'll play a Padawan and climb your way till you become a grandmaster and once that happens YOU FUCKEN DIE CUZ THE SITH JUST FUCKEN ATTACKED CORUSCANT cuz it's set in the Old Republic era
I always wanted an MMO in the Might and Magic universe.  The RPG, not the RTS
I just want wow2
The idea came about in the mid-late 90s when DVDs became a thing and I figured that several of those would be able to hold enough storage.  The game was basically an adaptation of the real world. You started a new character. When it died, you had to start over. Giant MMO style. The character could do anything and was given a basic starting allowance and starter home. If you wanted to be a cop or a criminal, you could. If you wanted to be a judge, you could. Artist, smuggler, etc etc. The nature of work would evolve as a component of what became useful in the in-game world.   There would be society defined governments, with elected leaders and rules and such. Since me and friends would have been original characters due to insider access, we decided we would form the shadow government that the rest of the game society didn't know about.   I had some generic models designed and everything was based on scripting languages to provide enough flexibility to get to some aspect "do anything".   A couple years later I started working for EA as a support monkey. During the orientation week we were told to detail any existing game ideas we had and that we _should_ do it since in the event of there being some kind of conflict there would be a record to protect your idea. I detailed the game fairly well. Probably quite a bit more than necessary. A year or so later The Sims came out, and I remember thinking how wrong they got it.
ArmA 4
A good modern starfox game, maybe open world with a good mix of ground and ship related gameplay. Not to say that the newer games are bad, but the definitely aren’t great. The series could just be so much more. I just feel like this franchise has so much potential, yet Nintendo seems either uninterested or unwilling to put in the effort.
Cabin in the Woods -style horror game where you investigate said cabin and different actions trigger different short (maybe 1-2 hour) survival scenarios.
Basically Grand Theft Auto: (insert name of home town)
I know there are lots of zombie games already but I really wanted a GTA version of Undead Nightmare (RDR revamped Zombie game)   I feel like the gameplay and map for GTA would be so fun for a zombie apocalypse.
An adult version of Pokémon with mmo elements. Always wanted to raise and breed them then go conquering lands like a fudeal lord.
Tripple A fps set in a conventional ww3 scenario that incorporates vehicles and maps from all around the world
A zombie game where you fight old-fashioned shuffling zombies that require head shots to kill and a dismemberment system similar to Dead Space. Oh, and a heavy focus on survival elements (food, water, injury treatment, etcetera)
I've mentioned it a few times on reddit but I'll post it again.  Dishonored crossover with Infamous. Lots of superpowers but you're far from invincible and have to rely on stealth a lot, perhaps with a character that is specifically not built for stealth, requiring a lot of creativity to get out of sticky situations. Powers only regain by draining something rather than just by waiting, so you're always on the move. A mix of smart and dumb A.I. Some guards might be lazy while others are alert, but if an alarm is raised they're both on the lookout. High level areas might have enemies that know about your powers, if you're going with smoke like in Infamous Second Son, an alert guard might notice that you're draining smoke from a lit torch from a distance, or that you left some unlit.
Open world DBZ and Naruto game. like GTA/RDR2 type open world set in the DBZ universe and the Naruto universe.
Arkham city like superman game
There have been some attempts at this, but none done very well, with the current state of MMO's being so accessible it wouldn't make sense for a company to make. However...  You play as the bad guys in an MMO, level 1 spider, Goblin, bat, rat etc... As you manage to complete increasingly more difficult quests you are met with weak and meager upgrades. All the while NPC driven 'Heros' are running around murdering you and everyone around you with ease. The penalty for death is loss of everything, or extremely large loss (half your xp, all your items, lose an ability etc...) Eventually you can conquer the lands, but then it turns into wars of the subraces (mass PVP) with GM driven events (Heros running around with quests to murder everyone) going off during the larger battles.
Real Life.  An accurate simulation of the entire world, except you're the only person on Earth.  All the infrastructure still works, but there's no other people.  It starts with a character creator, nothing special.  Then you're spawned in your hometown, and you're free to do whatever the heck you want.  No superpowers or anything unrealistic.  Nothing is legal or illegal because there's no one to enforce or know about laws.  If it exists on Earth and you can figure out how to do it, the game allows it.  No tutorials, no HUD, nothing.  Obviously a game this advanced would be so hard to make and run that it would probably only exist when quantum computing is so common that personal computers have quantum-powered CPUs.  But it's something I've always thought about, and modders would have complete freedom by design.
It's a bit of an old Idea, but i think reviving the Text-based game would be a good Idea. I'm programming a game like that in my C++ Class, and I just think it would be an Interesting Idea considering how story driven such games are.
a fighting game of personified countries
Multiplayer pong.
A game in Vr. Here is the plan, It starts off normal and calm and collected. You are a 25 yr old man named Vincent and you have a daughter named Medilina. One day you wake up from a nightmare in the middle of the night, you go to check on your daughter only to find her on the balcony. She falls forward and you yell for her, you jump after her and dodge objects while falling. Suddenly your daughter is gone and you fly through a wormhole. The basis of the game is to try and find your daughter and figure out why she jumped, but here is the twist. You have not a damn clue what the hell is happening or who your daughter is. The game ends with you finding her... But you are to late. The camera pans out to show your mangled corpse on the concrete as your daughter cries explaining to the police what happened. You were in limbo. The name of the game is Bonnet (After Charles Bonnet syndrome)
A platformer game that starts cute but then it gets disturbing and terrifying
An mmorpg set in the Harry Potter universe with no micro transactions
A Zelda game like Fable. Where you go around doing good or bad and you either become good Link or Dark Link.
An open world sandbox and survival game set in the medieval era.
Stadium manager.   I used to love the LMA Manager and Premier Manager as a kid - you could expand the stadium, build new stands etc. They took this out of Championship Manager and every other football manager part.   But now imagine a Tycoon game where you have to build different use stadiums, look after the food and beverages, book bands etc.
A complete open world star wars game. Kind of like elite dangerous or star citizen but star wars. Travel to different systems all across the galaxy making credits and what not. Being able to explore entire planets too, like tatooine or coruscant. Probably never happening but like who wouldn't buy that.
 A game simulating how adhd feels like. Sort of like that game that simulates alzheimers
A world where madden and 2k arent terrible
A farmville type game where the premium currency is calories.  You want that special building? Run a mile. Speed up that construction? Give me ten push-ups.
Rpg where you can play as different jobs. But clowns are OP for no real reason.
roguelite zombie sandbox survival game. Focus on resource conservation, finding shelter before nightfall, end goal is escaping city, no direct storytelling. If there is a game that is extremely similar to what I've outlined please tell me.
I like to creat an mmo that has distinct geographical lores and setting relate to its region. For example, eu/ west is medieval with knights and wizard where as east is asian inspired classes. Then there is a central plains where people can travel to, fight, raid and set up castle,etc
A WW1 conquest open world/rpg where you expand territory by charging enemy strongholds and pushing back the front line. Or defending your front line against attacks.
that one in yugioh where they sit in the machine and theyre in a virtual reality world summoning the monsters to actually fight for them
Perfect Mafia Simulator. Basically how The Godfather worked, except there's more to do, ranking about carries more significance, and there's an entire (deep) management side to the game as well that gets unlocked as you rank up (i.e. as you get more and more administrative power in the family) or alternatively you could even start as a small crime family and make the family stronger.
A Legacy of Kain game created by FromSoftware (Dark Souls/Bloodborne/Sekiro guys)
Motion controlled Harry Potter game
Huge city with more than 1 mil different people with different looks obv and the best thing: they all have their unique homes but please knock before asking in.
Jump Force with Dragon Ball Fighter Z graphics and a better selection of characters.
I want to make a story game about a witch with one of those rpg makers but I don't think I'd be good and I'm scared that I'd get too scared to do anything with it for fear of failure and it'd end up being a waste of time.
An open world RPG set in the future where you can decide to advance certain mechanical or biological enhancements (ie. robot arm, enhanced bionic vision, rhino horns, etc.) for your play-through and also have multiple different endings that'll change the entire world and your surroundings depending on your decisions throughout the game (ie. war, destruction, peace, evolution, assimilation, etc.) which'll then unlock more advancements and a new world to explore.
Open galaxy Star Wars game, work for any faction or on your own, but all sorts of spaceships from single seat speeders all the way to dreadnauts, do anything, explore all the systems from endor to hoth all the way to corusount. In the 4 major eras, civil war(ep4,5,6), the new era(ep7,8,9), separatist war (ep1,2,3) , and sith war (kotor)
Where you can make up your own story line along the way but you have to type in what you want to say (& the AI responds like a normal person) instead of picking those options they give you. It can be crime, romance, horror, etc. That’d be so cool
I know how to work unity so nice try stealing my ideas but you failed
Gundam Wing adventure rpg.  Definitely wouldn't get made, but I think it'd be cool to play through the story, the military espionage/saboteuring, playing and fighting as the gundams etc.  Always wanted that.   Also, lord of the rings open world realistic RPG. In fact, most games with battles, with realistic settings.  What I mean by that, is that computer restraints aren't a thing- so you fight in helm's deep and motherfucker there ARE 10,000 orcs attacking.  It'd be great.  Same for total war, i'd love to at least try playing on a realistic battle scale, with the condition that the engine runs at 60fps in magical land
A WW2 stealth game where you play as a widowed mother with a newborn in nazi occupied Poland and have to survive the occupation. Try to portray the WW2 in interactive form from the perspective of the opressed by the nazi regime and show the horrors that they have committed.
Game of thrones game but it has the same mechanics and like system for Kingdom come deliverence
An open world game of a fantasy world with a wide range of story options so you can do your own story eg Become the king of the kingdom or become the worlds best baker, just a game with a lot of replayability and Detail so you'd spend hundreds of hours playing
Suspicious question. Indie developer?
A open world RPG whit easy mechanics and shity grafics that allows to have a huge amount of content whit a lot of jobs clans etc but if your character died you have to create a new one from zero
An open world game(gta style), but the map is our entire planet
A Stargate SG1 game. It's half basebuilder/management game. You build labs and allocate funds for soldiers and tech. And then you go through the gate and now it's a squad command game.  Sadly I realized it's basically exactly like Xcom. But Xcom could have a better base building aspect to it in my opinion.
A Fantasy RPG with NPCs controlled by advanced A.I., so you could have conversations and stuff.
A 2d fighting game (like Injustice/Street Fighter) where you play as medieval soldiers, ninja monks, scurvy ridden pirates, or badass cowboys.
A Super Mario Game based off the movie.
A game where you live life as a totally normal person,  &#x200B;  Until the Alien Invasion Happens.
You live in a small village on a coast in ancient times and you just get to live a life and decide what you do, you could die and you choose a career but it would be realistic
A great Macross game that could be released to the United States (DAMN YOU HARMONY GOLD!)
A real-time strategy game like Age of Empires but has some parts that are an fps
Squad-based, cover-based, real-time strategy combat of XCOM.
I've always wanted a game where you play as the monsters and you're supposed to overwhelm the humans. As opposed to being only 1-4 characters fighting off hundreds of enemies, you control hundreds of enemies going after 1-4 targets. You'd control the entire swarm from top-down but you'd also be able to control a specific entity. You'd be able to respawn an infinite amount of times as long as you have enough minions (as opposed to dying and having to respawn from a checkpoint).  Left 4 Dead 2 had this but it was half baked and it was only for online.
Actually, i'm making a game at the moment
I want to see a good, single player VTES (its a ccg).  With varied AI working different strategies and difficulties.  Since the game s extremely limited if you make it only 1v1, with today’s tech I don’t think it would work.  Fingers crossed with advances in AI though...
Nice job tryna steal my ideas. Heh. They'll never get MY plans
This is going to get buried and it's pretty lengthy... but a truly massive online game, taking place at all levels.  Level 1: overseer. This level is an RTS game with control for territory, mining minerals, creating buildings, and training soldiers.  Level 2: middle-level managers (multiple sectors):   * Sector 1: miners/builders. Managers get orders from the RTS people to mine or build various structures. Plays similar to minecraft.  * Sector 2: researchers for upgrades. They go throughout the game universe to find hidden scrolls, research various spells, discover new technologies, and have spy missions to steal technologies of opposition.  * Sector 3: training new recruits for the tasks above and soldier training.  Level 3: FPS zones. They get orders from the RTS managers from level 1 to go to particular zones to fight in an area  We're talking about tens of thousands of people involved in various levels at the same time with hundreds of managers involved along each level and sector down to massive battles and all for control of territory.  All this... taking place in one solar system between planets.  All in one galaxy where you can spread.  There are numerous galaxies.
Where the fuck is my Star Wars Naval Ops Warship Gunner!? I want to sail my ISD into battle.
A game kind of like the MK Deception Chess, but with Fire Emblem maps instead of a Chess board.  Basically, Fire Emblem, but every time you attack or get attacked, you battle it out as if it was a fighting game.
Randomly generated open world rpg. No permadeath. Random main story. Random events. Territory and clan wars.
Trapped inside a computer facing virus’s and other “glitches” that try to kill you. You start out in like windows 98 and move through the levels and things to modern or future dat. Maybe even learn to program a little (like like BASIC simple) to get through things. Less shoot everything and hope you hit something but using more tactics and thinking to escape.
I always had this one idea in the back of my head since I was 9. Here goes. A metal creature escapes from a testing lab and is disintegrated from a laser blast. He is then rebuilt with yarn. He still has metal eyes though and that's why he is called metal eyes. He goes to get revenge against the evil scientist who killed him and finds a bag with grenades in. He then uses the grenades to defeat enemies. I planned different types of grenades like sleep gas, fire,poison and even ones that would suck them into different dimensions. I don't think that would make a good videogame but 9 year old me thought it would.
Call me morbid but a first person fantasy rpg where the opponents would be cut EXACTLY where your weapon hits, kind of like fruit ninja.
A game kind of like sim farm but it takes place during the Roman Republic. You run a countryside estate, starting as a lowly farmer doing subsistence farming and working your way up to a giant farm where you have to manage hired workers and slaves while managing the production of dozens of products.  Politics would be a major component but you would only lightly be able to influence it. War might break out and your workers might be forced to join the legions while your farm is taxed. A slave revolt might start and you need to deal with it...things like that
A game where you can choose to play as a classic movie monster (vampire, werewolf, mummy, etc) and try to live in modern society without people knowing what you really are.
an open world harry potter game, similar to the original PC games but rendered with 2019 technology and with more to do/ spells to cast etc. i think they may be working on this already tho..?
A realistic war game, something like battlefield 4 or Rising Storm 2: Vietnam but on a much larger scale.
MMO RPG Rogue-like with a dark souls combat system.
Game Over from Spy Kids 3  *but VR*
Bullet-Hell Rhythm plataformer.
A Marvel fighting game by Netherrealm. I know that it’s impossible because Netherrealm is owned by Warner bros., but it would be cool to have a Mortal Kombat/Injustice style Marvel game
Open World RPG Castlevania
A enjoyable MMO that specializes in a rogue like appeal where players all play through the same map but it’s new and procedurally generated. Everything must be learned anew and skill and ability rely upon actual skills rather than a progression system. So imagine PoE meets WoW with rogue like procedural generation and a actually intricate and enjoyable skill system.
Half life 3 :(
A battlefield game,but made by devs that are probably on meth.  There are two teams, red and blue (because yes). Each spawn on a different island where is their capital. If you lose this flag, then it's GG. But there are 3 other islands; each with 4 sets of flags where you can spawn IF there is no combat. Each island has a different theme, for example, one is a desert and,one is just normal grassland with forests and such and the other is I C E.  The game starts during WW1 and this period takes not too much time, and you can buy with points weapons from any faction. After a while, it gets on to Late WW1, after that it\`s Early Interwar,Middle Interwar,Late Interwar. Then WW2; Cold War and Modern era in the same format.  All types of vehicles are available: subs; helis; planes; tanks. Everything. Same is applied to guns. They aren't powerhouses because they need to get back to a flag; to refuel and restock ammo.  Healing soldiers and repairing tanks should be just like in Arma but more simplified.  Apart from a health bar, you have the "Enviormental damage" bar, if you are in huge cold, it decreases, you are in the middle of the desert? It decreases.  There are 7 classes: Assault,Support,Engineer,Constructor,Medic and Recon. Each class has a thing you can get specialized in, and there are multiple choices. Along time you can upgrade your class and have all the atributes of it I.E:Assault: You take easier recoil managment, and after a while you can get another upgrade of your choice, like being able to carry more nades.  Character costumization isn't limited by the class. Guns and equipment have weight, and you move slower the more you carry. Each soldier can carry 2 guns,1 pistol+equipment  Might edit if ya peeps are interested.
rocket league but the cars are pigs ridden by baby monkeys in caballeros hats.
Mount and Blade + Crusader Kings/Europa Universalis + Total War series = a real time grand strategy war game.   Your character is a lord or king and you have to lead to your nation to dominance, diplomatically and militarily.    In battle, not only do you control/fight with your character but also command/direct your army.   On the nation level, you create alliances, establish trade, engage in diplomacy, broker marriages, etc.
I want a strategy game in which I play the Byzantine Empire. I want to both do large politics and grand strategy, but also want to control my soldiers in battle.
Polytopia but more in depth, while keeping the simple strategic turn based gameplay.   Also a game where the main character is a normal  non superhero character, like a cop or private agent. They have to work up ranks until they can go out on their own. When on their own they can call back up, but if unnecessary they are demoted.
A combination of F1 and a management game.  You start an F1 team in the 60's as an owner driver. As you progress you unlock new developments for your cars and have to manage your budget and team including driver contracts, staff and sponsorships.  As you go you unlock different key points in F1 history, like wings and pitstops and vote on new rules and regulations. You develop rivalries with other drivers and teams.  I'd love to manage a team from showing up with 1 car on the back of a truck with a few mechanics to a multi million dollar mega team like McLaren today.
A sequel to dragon age origins that's actually good and... you know... has the same gameplay mechanics and isn't made for console and still plays like an RPG.
1st/3rd person medic game. Play as a medic in an active firefight. On the beaches of Normandy or jungles of nam. Any wounded is a target. Choose who is worth the bandages or who is to far gone to be saved. Deal with emotional trauma, physical trauma, and the toll war takes on an individual. Would be interesting i think.
Harry Potter RPG. You start off by creating your witch or wizard, you can choose where the character is from and which wizarding school they attend. The game doesn’t focus solely on Hogwarts. Through skill trees and traditional RPG elements/progression you can decide what school of magic your character is proficient in ie. Transfiguration, Defense Against the Dark arts, you can go full out potions if you want or tame beasts Hagrid style. You can join different guilds and factions, for example you can become an Auror but it has certain requirements you must fulfil. And throughout the game, the choices you make will determine if you’re a good wizard, neutral or a dark wizard. This will be based on an honour meter similar to the one seen in RDR2 and the further into the negative you go on the honour meter, the closer you get to becoming a Dark Wizard. And this will be accompanied by visual changes to your character like in the Fable Series. You can also travel to different parts of the wizarding world and learn their styles of magic. For instance, I believe on Pottermore it says that in Africa they use their hands to control and do magic. However you can’t poses them all at the same time. You can Also choose to use either a wand or a staff like Mad-eye did.
a game like Age of Empires 2 but without the grid system and much more expansive tech and buildings.  I want to build walls in the water dammit!
at 8th grade i want to make a 2d game out of my class because they are special to me and one of my best moments in school.  i wanted to make a 2d game that has 50 levels and if you passed that level it will unlock the farewell message to that teacher of a student. i was 14 at that time and didnt knew how to code but only know how to make 2d arts.  ended up doing it 6 years later and i let my 8 teachers play the game. they were in tears.
Always had the idea of a MMORPG where the players are birds in an open world full of poachers and other predatory birds. Just seems like it could allow for some really cool experiences.
An actual space exploration game; an Interstellar kind of thing, with planet adventuring, and data collecting. You control your ship through VR and can play with other people on your 5 person crew.  &#x200B;  I would be happy waiting for future consoles for this kind of game, if it meant it could be as great as could be. Within my lifetime, of course.
I envision a game in which you play as an alien parasite that crawls into people's heads and controls their minds. The process of taking over someone's mind would play out like a puzzle, then you would be able to control that person in an open-world environment. You would spread from person to person with the ultimate goal of taking over the whole world while arousing as little suspicion as possible. The first person you take over is a random bum on the street. As you slowly but surely sow yourself into the fabric of human society, you gain access to increasingly influential people, eventually taking control of world leaders and the ultra wealthy. The more societal influence a person has, the more difficult the puzzle will be. The story unfolds as the player gains more influence: humanity eventually learns about the mind-controlling alien parasite and descends into complete chaos and all out war.
I’ve always wanted an intricate submarine game. Imagine “Guns of Icarus” except in subs. Difficult navigation, heavy emphasis on working with your crew—I think it would be badass
ya'll know the Witcher 3, right?  imagine that...but Romance of the Three Kingdoms-style setting. No more strategy, no more hack-and-slash, just RPG goodness traveling ancient China dealing with political intrigue, banging your rival's wife, the works. Might need to throw a dragon or 2 just for fun.
i always have wanted a skyrim/witcher style sims game. if that makes sense. where you are first person in a fantasy setting times. and grow up and do anything. full growing up building a house and finding a wife interactions and party setting.
Nice try EA
That flying game in lawnmower man made for todays VR
ITT: Realistic openworld MMORPGs where you can do anything
An rpg game. The concept of illusion of free will. You end up doing quests and starting a family multiple endings etc long long game. Only to realize you wake up after many many hours of gameplay to realize you were inside of a simulation. Which gives a concrete idea to have tons of different route trees and endings. Most games like this have 2-6 endings im talking about 15-30 game would be high budget obviously and take forever but user doesnt get bored with how many different routes the game can go and you would eventually get bored before hitting 30 maybe even more. Also the main idea wouldn’t even be around the simulation nobody would know until its beaten. Main idea can be focused on something totally different. Kind of like in the real world when we play video games its a total distraction of whats really happening around us.
Roy
A massive VR game like Ready Player One. Creating a whole new second life seems so interesting.
CCCP cosmonaut and police patrol kind of game
An amnesiac trying to figure out who destroyed an entire city  In the end, it was him
A strategy mafia game in the US where you can choose what era you are going to play in, unexpected betrayals, family building(includes making custom names and such), weapons and narcotics logistics which means you could steal from your rival if they dont have security stationed at certain places, i could go on all day. Im an RTS nerd, i know.
Kaiserreich fps during the 2nd American civil war
A game where you can choose to either side with the heroes or the apocalypse-bringing villains, and the story changes depending on who you side with and if your allegiance changes.
Multiplayer Sims
   I would like to see a game that sort of plays off the concept of Schrodinger's Cat. You would play as the cat through multiple worlds, but the thing is, there would also be these cardboard boxes placed all thought the levels, and every time the cat jumps into a box, it would suddenly be transported to a dead world that would be the flip-side of the living world (kind of think of it as the Ghost Zone in the show Danny Phantom) and the cat would become a ghost cat. And vice-versa, to get back to the living world, the cat just jumps back into the box (or find another box). You can choose to play the game entirely in the living world or entirely in the dead world, but to get the ultimate experience, you can only get the true ending if you playthrough the game using the correct combination between both sides.  You also gain different abilities according to what world you're in, such as if your in the dead world, you gain all types of ghost like abilities such as flying, phasing through solid objects, ecto-manipulation, ect. but once your back in the living world, you lose all of that, but you gain different abilities such as hyper claws, extreme jumping abilities, and a gaze where if you get your enemies to stair into your eyes long enough, it will automatically teleport them into another, random dimension.  Along the way, the cat would have to fight through enemies such as the mighty warrior Sohcatoa were you would have to defeat him to retrieve his Sword of Hypotenuse which you would later use to defeat the boss enemy, King Pythagoreous. And other enemies would include other various math/science themes, with the final boss, of course being Pavlov's Dog.  Other features would include power ups such as eating π (Pi symbols) to regain health/life. Collecting and using √ (Square root symbols) would randomly grow a tree, no matter where you are in any level, with its own  box coming out of the roots so you could switch between the worlds sooner than taking the time to find the next box - and/or you could run up the tree and pick all the x² or x³ (squared and cubed symbols) if there are any, and eat them to double or triple your power levels. Running into the even more rare √ -1 (square root of negative 1 symbols) could wind up taking you back a level or depending on the color of the symbol, all the way back to the beginning of the game. Consuming the  elusive /0 (divide by zero symbol) can allow you to temporarily create  black holes from your mouth, decimating anything in your way to make a  clear path (this would be a dead world feature only). And absorbing ∞ (infinity symbol) would probably work most like the power star in the Mario games, giving you temporary invulnerability \[there could be other random power ups, but I can think of those later\].  There  would even be some points, where the boxes you jump into could, by pure random chance, send you into a completely different world entirely. Not the living or dead worlds, but an all new parallel or alternate universe. These would be bonus levels that could have extra special perks and/or give clues to the overall story or secrets in the source code or whatever. And this is also where that ability of staring into an enemies eyes until they get transported elsewhere could come back to  haunt you, though, because all the enemies you do manage to teleport to this random dimension, you would now have to fight in these bonus levels if fate decides to take you there, and you can not pull the same stunt again. And you can only exit the bonus level once you've completed the little side-quest. From there, jumping back into the box would randomly place you back to either of the other worlds (ex. if you were in the dead world before getting transported to the bonus level, you could wind up exactly where you were before on your way back, or you could wind up in the living world, or vice-versa), but either way it happens, you can not go to the other world until you find the next box because the box that sent you to the bonus world will just disappear.  WOW, I did not expect to get *that* detailed with this! Sure, there may be a few things to work out, but yeah, I would play this.
A CoD campaign from the Axis perspective
So many.....the MMO genre was barely explored before it went out of fashion.  A Mad Max type MMO would have been awesome. Economy based on gasoline and fresh water. Upgrading and racing vehicles. All kinds of funky hand made weapons.
1. An open world game where you play as an animal in an ecosystem that doesn't benefit them. The goal of the game is to find a way out of your current ecosystem and try to reach your animal's preferred  environment.  2. A Batman Beyond world game(just don't base the missions around the batmobile too much)
I want The Witcher 3 style Lord of the rings RPG.
Ever seen  Stargate Atlantis? Ever seen the episode: The  Game?
Harry Potter mmorpg, with a multitude of choices matter singleplayer/multiplayer campaigns
A mmorpg but you live the life of the commoner, the quest giver ect or you can be the adventurer a game with no npcs
A game about prostitution. Ultimately, GTA5 style, in an open world, with all the trimmings.
A game without main quest. A huge dynamic living world where npc go about their daily lives, occasionally move to nearby cities. Get attacked and relocate and plan to take it back again. People dying and giving birth.  And you, by choosing to support a group, do a quest or even bring all your loot to a small village can chance the course of that living world.  Help people take back their town, build a new town, become king of a small nation.   But it would either take an impressive AI to do this or decades to make such a game.
A actualy good anine/cartoon to game adaptation
A game set in the witcher world where you can play as different classes like a mage. A dark souls game set before the world went to shit. The cities in dark souls are so cool and interesting i would love to see them full of people.
The adventures of Calvin and Hobbes
A Persona/Spider-Man game, play as Peter Parker, manage high school life, investigate gang hideouts and take out gang leaders. pretty much your typical Persona game with Spider-Man mixed in.
I want a rhythm game that plays out like a mobile RPG. There are levels you can get 3 stars on, like usual rpgs. And there is a story too. You have to play a specific song depending on the level, and you do get rewards for each star earned.
I heard somewhere that Danganronpa was going to be the type of game where the choices you make dictate who lives and who dies, and I'd personally adore that. I'd probably make it so that depending on the things you say to/do with the rest of the group, and who you hang out with decides who dies and how they die, as well as who the killer will be. This would make replay value go way up, but the only downside is how *long* it would take to develop...
I just want a farm simulator that’s like SimFarm only with good graphics.   I would like to hand the farm down through the generations, breed animals, grow crops.   I don’t like all the ones with magic in, and the Farm Sim is garbage.
Something like Star Citizen but on earth during the colonial era or a game based in WW2 where you drive supply trucks or merchant ships trying to avoid U-boat and airplane attacks
Something like GTA-RP but a standalone game made from the ground-up specifically for RP elements that goes way way more in depth. A game that is not just a mod of another existing game. I believe GTA-RP is only about a 32 - 100 player cap? Boost that to 5k players like Private WoW servers can do, and you've got something really special.
I aint biting this EA!
A game where you just build ikea furniture without a manual.  My dad calls that masculinity.
MMO Pokemon game
All of those super-hard games that focus on precision and parkour.
A game where you're reincarnated into king/queen. You've previously died because you were too overworked by your company and your manager is a shitty piece of trash who only wants to climb up the social ladder by being nice to his/her's superiors while being shitty to his/her's subordinates. Because of this, you were walking back to your apartment, tired and exhausted, when suddenly a car hit you. You were too tired to notice the incoming car so BAAAM. You died.  Now, you see a light in a pitch black world. Nothingness surrounds you. Then, a text that says, "Edit your character" appears. From then on, you can edit and choose how you look like.  After you're done, you suddenly felt a shock go up your spine. You wake up.  You found out your parents have been murdered and you are now the king/queen of your kingdom. You have been reincarnated to a medieval-like ottoman-ish era. Unfortunately, things are not so smooth sailing for your kingdom as you soon found out that your kingdom is weak and vulnerable now. Your mission is to strengthen and protect your kingdom through negotiations through other kingdoms, constructing an army that's powerful enough to make your enemies cower when they hear your kingdom's name, trading, etc.   You also have to find out who orchestrated your parents death from the 8 nations who will soon become your kingdom's territory by conquering them all.  Finally, you can marry multiple men/women and have children. Concubines, consorts, etc.  Everything single thing you do from how you interact with your allies, to how you act upon your citizens generally, will affect your kingdom.  TL;DR: Basically a game where you grow and expand your kingdom while finding out about your parents death while being a person from the 21st century.
A mix between the story elements of Earthbound while journeying through a Pokemon game
A puzzle rpg where combat is mostly optional. And there would an option to instaskip all dialogue.
A card or dice game where even if you take the wrong strategy, you get the right card or roll.
Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild but you are Finn the Human in the land of Ooo.
A full-haptic VR swordplay game.  No real injuries, of course, but you feel if you get hit, the weight of the blade, etc.  I spent a LOT of my childhood dreaming about this game.  It'd be more like a holodeck than anything else, though.
A video game that in combination with Google Earth or something. You got the whole world and can start where you want. You start with nothing and have to get yourself a job. Eventually you van buy your own house in game, fly anywhere etc. Just a real open world game.  Had this fantasy since I was around 10 (21 now)
Nice try EA!
weird idea but a whole game about stalking people. how you have the ability to sell info to suspicious individuals for bitcoin or something. and you could choose what type of stalker you are etc.
Hunter x hunter as an mmorpg.
a game about an anti vaxxer kid fighting off diseases to earn money to buy vaccines and become immune to some of them, but there are always more coming
A Starcraft MMOFPS.  Here's the elevator pitch:  * Population caps and incentives encouraging a 4:2:1 ratio in zerg:terran:protoss.  * Experience is a currency.  * You start as a base unit (zergling/marine/protoss) and use experience to purchase upgrades. Upgrades are lost on death.  * You gain more experience for killing stronger enemies. So if base xp is 100, a zergling would get 200 for killing a marine and 400 for killing a zealot. A marine would get 200 for a zealot but only 50 for a zergling.  * Xp is shared across all units involved in a kill. It's a team game, people!  * Each planet has unique themes and special mechanics.  * Each planet has several capture points that act as full fledged bases (think planetside here). Defenders win by destroying attackers points, attackers win by capturing all points on planet.  * Here's a big one: each planet has a "final stronghold", a special area that unlocks when a defender has lost all capture points on a planet. The example I use is an ice planet. The final stronghold is on top of a pillar inside a massive cave. When assaulting, Terrans use zip lines and rocket packs to attack from above with infantry. Protoss use transports to attack in waves. But the Zerg go from the ground up, using their claws and nydus worms to work their way up the sides of the pillars while the defenders shoot down on them. Each fight is unique in these stronghold battles.  I've been perfecting this for over a decade. It kills me that I'm such a lazy sack of crap that I've made zero headway towards accomplishing it.
[Girl Genius](http://www.girlgeniusonline.com/comic.php) Online.  I actually asked the Foglios about this at a convention, some years ago, and they were open to the licensing opportunity. Somebody needs to get on this.
game where you can freeze and resume time, in a giant open world city with a good physics engine  &#x200B;  if this exists ***please*** *tell me*
Realistic open world zombie survival with no guns set in a rural town where you have to use common items to fight off the zombies.
A roguelike similar to [Cardinal Quest 2](http://cardinalquest2.com/) but with a hexagonal grid to allow more complex spells and abilities, set in ***SPACE*** with a 80's techo synth vibe a-la ["The Night begins to shine"](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt7010756/) , with you as a spaceship captain, sending your crew to different missions around several planets, each with a combination of buffs/debuffs (like [warcraft mythic dungeons affixes](https://www.wowhead.com/affixes)) to keep things interesting.  You can send your crew as solo-missions or go on groups, but you only control one team member directly and the rest are given some AI in the form of conditions and priorities (i.e.: if there's an enemy attacking you, use some defensive ability, or if a team member's health is below a certain threshold, use a healing spell, etc)  Death is permanent, so if things are going south you gotta decide if you wanna escape the planet, losing whatever the initial investment / reputation / whatever vs staying and potentially losing all of the guys you sent to the planet.  You can spend some of your currency on improving your crew or your ship. Improving your ship would give you some powerful abilities that you can use once per mission, like an orbital laser or something.  There would be some random cutscenes, like when you kill the last baddie on the current level you get a mini animation of you obliterating them with whatever ability you used, with all the cheesiness and over-the-top moments of old 80's cartoons.  I've always dreamed of quitting my job and just doing videogames as a hobby, unfeasible as it might be. Maybe once I retire...
A Star Wars game in a Gears of War (third person with cover mechanics) style. It would take place during the Clone Wars, and there would be a very heavy emphasis on singleplayer campaigns (there would be multiple long campaigns, maybe one for each clone legion). You would play as a clone trooper (rank would depend on the campaign you picked) and fight alongside your Jedi general, commander, and other legions or fighting forces. Maybe there could even be a feature where you can fully paint your armor with a system like the one used in COD WW2 for painting guns, and the custom armor would show up in cutscenes like in Halo: Reach.
I have always begged for a few types of games and somehow no matter how close it gets ut falls short: 1) an mmo with good hitbox detection with a story hook and style of WoW (big cities and similar skill setups) and that the clans actually can make meaningful impact on cities. Ie:make a castle/ guildhall/ establishment and it can genuinely interact with the environment/npc's 2) an SAO type game i can just be fully immersed in.  3) an rpg where you can be good or bad, and your choices affect the game world/ story i know fable 3 was close but it didnt have the same affect i am looking for, i mean your choices literally affect the story line.  Not no matter what you do the story stays the same and the ending is just different.
All I want is Outside
A fish game where you unlock different fish, plants, and tanks, but you play as the fish
An FPS/RTS/Strategy hybrid MMO...that was a mouthful to say.  &#x200B;  Basic premise would be that it's an overarching strategy game along the lines of Risk or Axis and Allies.  The supreme commander would decide which battles would be fought and where.  Once the supreme commander decides on the warfront, the battles themselves are commanded RTS-style by the engagement commander.  The actual fighting takes place FPS style by the common players.  Different roles are filled, including squad leaders down to grunts.  &#x200B;  Everyone starts the game as a grunt with AI controlling higher echelons.  As you improve and show aptitude for strategy over tactics, you promote into the command positions.  The MMO element is that the game takes place in real time, with all the strategy, stealth, and politicking which takes place in real life.  The whole game would be a war/life/world domination simulator.  &#x200B;  I played a game years ago called *Savage: The Battle for Newerth*, which combined the FPS/RTS roles.  I never played it with others myself (bad timing in life), but a friend who did reported that a poor commander (RTS role) could ruin the game no matter how the FPS players did, which mimics life.  My idea expands on and refines that concept.
A frog dating sim.  Everything would be organic and going down one route would affect everyone else's interactions with the MC.  Of course there'll be the generic tropes like the childhood friend loli who still has a bit of a tail and the tsundere, but it has a bit of charm to it.  I'm planning on learning how to code to make it into a reality.  This was also before I found out about Tsuyu, but now the frog craze is even bigger!
A game which would be a city building and strategy game with rts battles with paradox style strategy and cities skylines builder and the total war rts fights
A combination of Planetside 2 and Smite.  It would probably be way too hard to make that playable on normal hardware and super hard to balance but fuck that sounds like fun.
Either a John Wick or Judge Dredd game in the style of GTA mixed with Fallout.
A game where you start off creating two main characters that are kids. A couple of hours into game play one dies, due to some action you have taken. Now one of your characters are MIA and you ether caused it, did it, or it was random. And then from there it changes based off caused the death.
I had this idea back in middle school which was about 17 years ago after seeing google earth for the first time.   Basically the idea was to scan an entire city including the inside of structures and create a fully functioning world based off a real place. Everything would be interactive/destructible. And you could do just about anything. Demolish a house, set it on fire, sneak through an apartment, rob people, graffiti whatever, pretty much be an agent of chaos. Infinitely replayable by resetting the city or adding in new ones, and different modes like human, super human, and god with each granting you different ways to interact. Human let’s you do everything a regular person would do. Superhuman let’s you break things you normally couldn’t, fly, and use a variety of powers to damage the world. And god mode lets you unleash natural disasters, throw selectable sized meteors, and other massively catastrophic events.   Playing both watch dogs games made me interested in the idea again, but I wouldn’t know where to start.
Pokémon rpg game based back in the castle days, and kingdoms use pokemon in their conquests.
A game where you play as the bad guy, and you try to lower your reputation, and break the fourth wall a lot. Oh wait, I described Nefarious. (Mostly)
A Fallout game taking place in Chicago. I have so many ideas rolling around in my head for this. Like working subway systems that take you to different areas. Or a part of the city that's mostly sunken into the ground.
We're onto you, EA.
I wouldn’t mind some more intensive detective/crime solving game.  Something like the show Murdoch mysteries where you are limited by forensics and as you progress you develops new tools yourself.  Or something like midsomer murders where there are many moving parts and small stories built into the bigger stories that take a while to unravel.
A superhero RPG where you get to customize your character and choose your powers as you decide whether or not to become corrupt throughout the course of the game
i just want to play a 2019 version of SPORE. i loved that game so much as a kid and i’m sure they could do so so so much more with the same concept in 2019. the game was great but some parts were really lackluster. the final space part was a really lame ending imo and the tribal stuff could be better. it was such a short and easy part of the game but still probably my favorite part.
Sequel to Star Wars Republic Commando. Call it #2, call it Imperial Commando, I'm not fussy.   After over a decade that game's squad controls maintain some of the best in the FPS squad-based business (One of the new halos, 5 i think, claimed to have intuitive squad AI but I never really noticed one way or the other). It was a tight, tactical, shooter, neither too simple nor too complex. Having up to 5 weapons on hand never felt like too much gun because ammo was stretched out just right, excellent voice acting, foley, art direction, and story.  In the sequel, each character is playable by a co-op friend, and each character gets a bonus to their specialty: sniper, demolition, computer slicing, and leader. The bonus applies whenever a position is correctly taken that matches what the leader player designated ("snipe from there, delta."). Extra ammo, accuracy, damage, whatever is appropriate for a balanced experience. If a different player does the action, nbd, itll just be a normal action. And if you don't have enough players, the glorious AI of the first game takes over whoever remains.   Plot  could include dealing with a replacement to the squad after losing [spoiler], the transition to the Empire and suppressing rebels, and or plagiarizing parts of the plot to the Karen Travess novels just like the new movies have done to the old Extended Universe.
A legend of Zelda game where you play as Zelda instead of Link.  Basically the same formula as any other Zelda game, go through several dungeons and get new items, those items let you progress into previously unreachable areas, the boss's weakness is the new item you just got, etc.  .   You already have two forms with Zelda too, a common theme in these games is duality or multiple versions of the character. She would transform into Shiek.  Zelda would have magic instead of Link's hack and slash gameplay, Shiek would have ninja stuff. Some areas would only be accessible via Zelda's abilities, some only available to Shiek through ninja mobility.  .  I think it would work great, and would be a great new spin on a proven formula.
an open world pokemon game
A MOBA with aspects of an RPG, like you star with enough gold to buy basic weapons, and the thing you buy is what you use for battle, and things like armor and boots will physically appear on your character.
An actual game that isn’t fanservice about My Hero Academia (excellent show, new season in fall)
Startopia 2, manage a spacestation like the old bullfrog theme games!
A game that you are a Crime Scene Investigator that’s gone rogue in search for the well-known killer that killed his wife and kids and he’s trying to make sure that he doesn’t kill anymore families.
An FPS combing a bunch of my favorite stuff, it doesn’t have to be FPS but that pretty much my favorite game genre
A game like kingsway(Pc adult swim game)but in that you are always in an RPG grind system to do better until you retire or something (SAO +D&D maybe)  Farming simulator that is like stardew, but in real time so I can play a server with my friends.. maybe like minecraft servers but more time to spend.
A Beyond Beyond game made like the Arkham Asylum series.   The batmobile/batwing hybrid would function much like the Arkham Knight batmobile, but you could do takedowns by dropping out of the bottom release hatch just like on the show. Batsuit flight would have a small bootjet boost if you needed the elevation in a pinch.   Villains include most of Terry's rogues gallery like Inque and Blight, but also Spellbinder would act sort of like how Riddler did, only in more of a "Mysterio from spiderman games" sort of way. The T's and Jokerz gangs spawn across Neo Gotham as random fights and heists.  Most of the gadets would have existed in at least one of the previous games so I don't need to list them, but an invisibility function on a timer would be fun, for predator or combat mode, where it breaks when you hit someone. Detective mode and hanging from vantage points would arguably make more sense than they ever did too.
I’ve always wanted a Batman Arkham game but with super man or something along those lines
One where you play as the bad guy, convinced that you’re the good guy, and chase down the good guy throughout the campaign, who ultimately beats you in the last boss fight.
A starwars massive open world game. That is multi player. There are missions and battles and you can jump in vehicles. Takes place between clone wars. Design your character as a jedi or sit. Part Shootet, part MMO, part action RPG, part open world game.   Would totally sell but its super ambitious. Not likely it would be made
An open world, modernized Doctor Who Game.
Me and my brother had a dumb idea called parkour cops where coos would chase theirs doing parkour
To remove loot boxes. Just simply it's bad for younger children.
A guitar hero where u can play any song u want
A Botw online expansion/battle Royale  It already has the loot and the map  And what if you could capture one of the four divine beasts and it shoots a Lazer across the map killing all players in it's path
A cross between the old Xwing games and Rogue squadron.  Where you fly on a carrier, or hyperspace to a location, fight in space and then break atmosphere to ground pound.
Think EU4 or HOI, but with the option to take over any skirmish between armies ala Command and Conquer.
A sequel to terraria
I've been thinking about a game idea recently where you've got 3d plains of axis to fight on, such as flying skill sets that give you top down attacks on your target, and archery skills that enable you to knock or grappling hook those fliers to the ground. Character designs that allow you to pick basics RPGMMO classes and bosses that require flight mechanics to increase difficulty and create a team structured fighting system.
An Elder Scrolls game with souls-like combat could keep me entertained for years.
I'd honestly love something in between Halo and Metroid Prime. I love the whole Metroidvania genre and Metroid has an excellent style and I love how it uses the environment for storytelling, but I'd like a combat system that's more skill-based like Halo has. What could be cool about this is that MP had abilities that were clearly designed to be used against specific enemies and others that were more or less for exploration only (Sequels added some cool stuff and the combat of MP2 and MP3 felt a lot more dynamic, but still got repetitive), but if you added weapons sets and had them interact with the abilities players gained or built abilities so that you could use them in clever and interesting ways, just think of how much variety you could pull into the combat.
When are we getting the oasis
Once Upon a Time... Life - The Game
Skyrim + Witcher 3 mechanics, Star Wars Story
A VR game where you go in and play VR
An FPS single player game where the world has experienced the new disease twisted heart and you have to go inside the infected people and kill the demons that live in there. It sounds stupid but if a developer ever told me I need a game idea what you got then I have and idea.
A simulation game about life.  You will start as a 6 year old child  As long as you level up ur character is growing up and learning skills.  In the game you decide what you want You can be a criminal a police or anything u wanted to be in ur real life.  Anything you do good/bad will be the result of ur reputation
I just want a good sequel to Spore that's not necessarily rated E for Everyone. Something more along the lines of the first previews of the original proof-of-concept of Spore, before Maxis/EA got involved. Can be found somewhere on YouTube.
Open worlds shooter RPG in the Firefly universe. Or SW, but mostly Firefly. Not MMO but more fireteams like Destiny. Go on jobs and heists, avoid the Alliance and Reavers. Or fight them. Have D&D stats like KOTOR so you can try to bluff through checkpoints or sneak. Ship and ground combat, with upgradeable weapons and abilities/crew.
Prey 2 Pirates of the Carribean: Armada of the Damned(I think that's what it was called) Mario Party Mobile "The Infiltrator" tech demo for Unreal Engine And I think a game where you get to play as an actual dragon would be badass. Why has no one made a dragon game?!
I’ve always wanted basically GTA with every other genre mixed in. I’d love to be stealing cars and getting hookers one minute then hitting the park and playing 2k/nba live style basketball then turning around and getting a Forza Horizon feel while driving. All while you can enlist and go to war call of duty style. Basically I just want everything in one central place. Hell in this dream world you could even bust out your virtual PC and play some fantasy (WoW, runescape, Elder Scrolls) games as well!
I would want a first person shooting game that is 100% community driven. I would build in a voting system that will allow the community to vote on every aspect from weapon balance to manipulating how quickly players can run and how much health they have.   It will be the players job to choose what they want changed each week then the next week they'll decide on how much they want to change it by. Everyone will have a vote that is based on how much in gameplay time they have. The value of your vote would be determined based on how many in game gameplay hours you play in the previous week. For example we'll figure out how much the average player played during the previous week and that will count as one vote(players who have played less than an hour in the previous week won't be able to vote). With this system players who put a lot of time into the game will be rewarded with a greater say in how things change.  I would also create an economy where players can create content for the game and get paid for it. I would design a map editor so players can build their own maps with assets and the game. I would also allow players to design assets to eventually be sold to players that will want to use them in their Maps. Then we could have the community build map packs that can be sold to the community as official competitive Maps while the creators get a cut.
KOTOR 3 lol
Even with the vast car lists of Gran Turismo and Forza, there are many, many collector cars that just don't get love in modern racing games. I want a nice-looking racing game, (open world or track based, I don't really care), where the car list is based more on rare and historic cars. I want to race a [Bugatti Royale](https://pictures.topspeed.com/IMG/crop/201102/bugatti-type-41-roya-11_1600x0w.jpg) against a [Duesenberg SJ](https://www.sportscarmarket.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/1933-duesenberg-model-sj-sweep-panel-phaeton-front.jpg), pit a [Continental Mark II](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9f/1956_Continental_Mark_II_-_midnight_blue_-_fvr.jpg/1200px-1956_Continental_Mark_II_-_midnight_blue_-_fvr.jpg) against a [Mohs Ostentatienne Opera](https://i1.wp.com/www.curbsideclassic.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/Mohs-Ostentatienne-Opera-Sedan-fq-1.jpg?resize=600%2C400), go against a [Rolls Royce Phantom III](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/eb/1937_Rolls-Royce_Phantom_III_Sedanca_de_Ville_-_103CP38_-_fvr2.jpg) with a [Daimler 40/50 Double Six](http://www.coachbuild.com/2/media/zoo/images/Martin_Walter_Daimler_Double_Six_40-50_Sport_Saloon_1932_02_db2e57fa08575d2325ab9c904cc18305.jpg), all in glorious 4K! Forget the Ferrari LaFerrari, let me look at every detail of the [166 MM/212 "Uovo"](https://hips.hearstapps.com/roa.h-cdn.co/assets/17/06/1280x640/landscape-1486494828-mo17-r101-008.jpg?resize=480:*) or [Modulo](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5d/Ferrari_Modulo_front-right_Museo_Ferrari.jpg)!   And to really make it impossible, give it the crash physics or Wreckfest or BeamNG.
A command and conquer style game but it is based on google map data. So you can choose a 2x2 mile square of any city and based on the buildings and the roads there you can each start on different sides of the map and try to take over the other.  This would be a game that would change every time you would play as you could choose different real world maps... the algorithm would determine what each style building would do base in houses occupied would give money, or factories or industrial would make units.  You could destroy building and build your own or just use the ones around you on the map.  This would bring the joy and fun of command and conquer, with the life action of playing against your friends and the fun of trying to protect your own home on the map or something else personal.
A randomly generated world where everything I mean everything is possible and you have to survive by making armor out of like wood at first or maybe even stone. And then you can build or basically build something that deems useful to you then you could make something to defend yourself from other people like making a armored truck or making a shield of some sorts.
This was me and my brothers idea.  Spore but bigger and better.  You start off as a single celled organism. Depending on where you decide to start, what you decide to interact with, and what evolution points you express can change your species. As the game progresses you have to fight other organisms until you are the dominate species. You adapt, change, and evolve until you are a space faring species. From there you go out into the cosmos and conquer as you see fit.   The point of the game is to never have the same scenario happen twice. Everything was randomized and everything happened on such a grand scale that any tiny event could send your species down a totally new path of evolution. It also would be online and real time to a degree. We always got hung up on how to make that aspect work out without doing things like time gated events, server resets, and heavy moderation.   There was also an idea to make the above game like planet side 2 but on a galaxy size scale.
A sort of Battle Royale-style game with a big randomized map where you spawn alone (or with friends) in the woods and need to gather resources and advance in certain skills and "evolve" to progress. A "game" lasts about an hour. Preferably some other win-condition than killing everyone, if some alternative exists, so that "respawn on death" could be possible. E.g. like "collect 10 shards of some rare mineral"  or whatever. You start by collecting sticks and stone etc., and there would be a lot of different ways to win, and maybe not even a single winner? I don't know..
A game where you start off as the super hero of the game. As the game goes on you start making harder, more difficult choices and in the end you realize you have become the villain and then a 2nd story starts where you either die a villain or live long enough to reign over everything    (Btw not my idea, saw it on tumblr and thought it was a cool idea)
Name is going to be God Tier  &#x200B;  Basically it's open world and the main character has and expands his list of super powers. Summon tornados. Flame-On. Ice-On. Molten-On. Make extensions of the body from ice; like in the form of a blade. Stomp on the ground and create a fissure. Create black holes. Create Majin Vegeta-esque explosions that can level populations. Control electricity (gotta include this one). Control plants. Flying (extremely fast).  &#x200B;  What do you do with these super powers? Anything you want :)  &#x200B;  I've been thinking on how to implement this in a game and give the user plenty of things to do with these powers.  &#x200B;  Some games make the players feel powerful but do any make the player feel like a god? Closest is Megaton Rainfall but the responses from humans is not satisfying enough and the list of powers is not large enough or cool enough.
I want a game that's like life simulator but I don't have depression.
Nice try, Bethesda. Trying to steal our ideas again.
A DC Flash game
Mount & Blade: Bannerlord
I would love to see Rockstar games try to make an open world game set in medieval times
An actual evolution game that spore claimed to be not watered down to appeal to the child demographic.   Let me be a weird carnivore just doing carnivore things pls. It will be my favorite game
Maybe a game like TTT in garrys mod but like an independent game with much more functions
An action game where you score points for stylish combos... but based around gunplay instead of melee combat. I’ve wanted a game like that pretty much since the first time I watched Madness Combat.  And now it’s happening! It’s called ‘My Friend Pedro’ on PC and Switch, coming out sometime this year.
Command a 19th century steamship but there are also marine raids
An assassins creed based game that has 1 hit assassinations and is entirely based off stealth
I feel like op gonna steal the ideas
A non religious game of the Book of Revelations. Though I admit it’ll be pretty hard to make it non religious and also it says if anyone changes what is written then all the curses will happened to them. I don’t even know how the game would actually work to be honest, I just think it’ll be a cool setting.
A game where you can create fursona with a extreme amount of customization on everything (even making new species it made up animals) and being able to play with other people online and stuff (maybe like be chat) that would be fun (Also no yiff allowed)
Steam Punk Elderscrolls game, or Slyrim/Oblivion during the industrial revolution.
Every region Pokemon
Open world RPG set in the Dustbowl.  Like O Brother, Where Art Thou, with riding the rails, working as a deputy for a Sheriff, seeking out odd jobs and places to sleep, etc.
Supreme Commander, but you control a whole faction. You have to pick where you send ACU's to different planets to take control of them. Then make it a mmo.
The story idea is pretty boring and worn out, but I think the application in the game world is what would be interesting.   I'm thinking aesthetically the game would have a western/cowboy/edge of civilization feel. However, its an open world game where people can do what they like in a space outlaw type world. However, while people/aliens mostly get along except for the occasional war or confrontation, there is a force brewing that threatens all life in the universe. A "Borg" type entity that infects all life. You, the player, are forced to confront this spread.  So the game would be an Open World real time MMO. While you can play your game however you want, there is always the threat of the "Borg" species coming to your part of the galaxy. You may be in a saloon on some peaceful rim world planet one week but next week the "Borgs" have come and you can either run or try to fight off the invasion. There would be incentives to wanting to liberate planets/outposts for special loot or specific items needed.   The "Borgs" wouldn't actually be a player base or anything. It would just be the game itself fighting you. I'm thinking the only way it could be done well is with a super advanced computer/AI system. Its only purpose is to take over the in-game universe. There would be moderation from the development team to make sure the "Borg" weren't overwhelmed too easily so as not to be a threat but also some limitations so that they can give the player base a chance to defend themselves and fight back. They would have one planet that all "Borg" presence emanates from but the closer you push in to this planet the tougher it gets to do so. I don't want the "Borg" to ever be defeated except for maybe an end of production type patch. So, by the time any force got to within striking distance of the "Borg" planet, it would be an impossible to win battle.   I think to make the game more interesting, there may be galaxy resets and the "Borg" come from a different planet each time. Planets that players start on would always be safe starting zones.  If the playerbase got big enough, I could see the world taking on an organic feel. Some people are too lazy/afraid to fight the "Borg" and so would react as such. Working their shop, doing some quests, tending a farm/family. While entire guilds/armies could reclaim planets that open up benefits for all of the players.
A western game in a “The Revenant” theme around the 1820 time period. Preferably made by an amazing studio like Rockstar Games or CD Projekt Red with a huge budget.  Would be amazing to have a big open world like that with numerous tribes, some to be companions and trade with and some to fear, with multiple forts like Fort Atkinson and Kiowa to buy stuff, take shelter and do missions from. Imagine canoeing or hunting bison along the Great Plains, the Rockies, the Grand, Grand River and more all the way from Saint Louis to The Rockies? I’d also love a game following the book’s amazing story, the book was immersive as fuck and you really felt like Hugh Glass when reading it, but a GAME based on it? Woah! That’d be awesome. With really good attention to detail with a high budget I really believe that this idea could work for us fans who like realistic games, westerns and The Revenant. Imagine if it could look as good as the movie?  I can see it play out so well in my head, like a gigantic next, next generation RDR2 with beautiful animations graphics and levels of immersion with a huge map. I wouldn’t even mind having to spend lots of time going between places if stuff happened along the way. I can’t believe I’m actually hyping myself up for a game that’ll never ever come to exist unless I win the lottery three times in a row and can afford to buy a gigantic studio and develop it myself, but I’d do that in a heartbeat if I could. Just feeling that grandness of the map that I used to feel for RDR2 when it was new would be amazing in a world that’s truly enormous.  I would like to go and do such a journey on my own, but I fear the improvement of technology would ruin the aspect of the tribes and forts that play a crucial part.
A game where you play as Thor
Nice try EA
12 year old me - open world in EVERYTHING
Sandbox style game set on the ring world. Larry Niven is a god
A game where you’re a high school kid. You can go to class, skip class, get caught up in the wrong crowd, fight, join cliques, sell drugs. Essentially the game bully, but massively expanded upon
Lord of the Rings Cities Skylines - but instead of cities build keeps/castles
Open world Rpg in sengoku japan pls  All i want  Ghosts of tsushima when
Bar-B-Que Pitmaster simulator.  In which you control what meats, your location in the country (certain regions prefer certain meats), the spices, amount of time on/in grill/smoker.  This would factor in rain delays, fuel costs, and bribing of judges.  Will you succeed and become a TRUE BBQ pitmaster?  Find out if you've got the skills.  I'm thinking this would be a real time game.
A game where you do stuff but you're tiny compared to the rest of the world
Dishwashing RPG meets Q-bert
Huge open world Star Wars game with combat similar to the force unleashed for the force powers.
Supernatural monster type game set in Vietnam War period. Think bloodborne plus COD plus survival horror type games.   I know it doesnt make any sense, but it always sounded cool to me. Vietnam was a weird war that combined some state of the art concepts and was also stuck in very old world mysticism. There are stories in that war still very classified, and plenty of terrifying tales of hauntings in the dark.
A Pokemon game where you control the Pokemon like you do in the anime.
A game that's a cross of Cities:Skylines, the Sims, and GTA.  Basically, build a world and fuck around in it as a person.
Like a video game version of red dawn would be dope
A game like the way the YouTuber Tierzoo describes real life. Like you play as animals in different continental servers against other players. You have to evolve and become more powerful by spending evolution points over thousands of years.
A urban firefighter POV game
Something based on Critical Role.
Just a huge sandbox-adventure game. You start out in a small village, and explore anywhere you want! No stories, no challenges... just run around with a sword and kill things.
i wanted a game thats like a cross between metro and rust, so you have the rust aspect of base building, scavenging, crafting and raiding but the map is seperated into the mostly radiation free underground and the heavily irradiated surface like in metro   being on the surface or certain areas of the under ground would require a gasmask and filters, the underground would be less populated by mutants but would have NPC factions like bandits and since its easier to survive there, more players would be there, on the surface there are far more mutants and more variants of mutants but no NPC characters and fewer players  for base building you can either build in empty stations or you can seal off old buildings on the surface and install air filters  scavenging and crafting would be pretty standard, better loot and blueprints in more dangerous places   for raiding as well as the usual brute force approach you could create bait to make a hoard of mutants attack a base or try to get an NPC faction to attack
There was one that was announced that i was really looking forward to. It unfortunately got scrapped though. It was called bot colony and from what i can remember, you were a detective who could actually say things to the game and it'd respond. No dialogue options, just you and a microphone. It would've been amazing.
Just make Wing Commander but mass effect style crew and loyalty missions. Maybe that'll be Squadron 42, but we shall see.
Basically a mix of KOTOR or Fallout, GTA Online. just imagine being in an open word Star Wars game on coruscant it something   - Massively multiplayer - Elder scrolls type beginning where you’re a nobody and you make yourself someone  - become a Jedi or sith?  Sure thing - become a bounty hunter? Sure - wanna be a shop keeper? Go ahead  - fully voiced  - text options like KOTOR  - massive massive worlds  - star citizen ship combat/ planet landing  - buy your own place to live, not instanced - make your house how you like    I have played around with SWGEmu. I basically want that game with better graphics and gameplay and all that.
A Medieval RTS style game similar to one called Warrior Kings.      Only it's a single player (story based) / Multiplayer (PvP) that allows people to team up and each player on a team controls a different aspect of the game:   Player 1 - Building / defences (walls, archer posts etc)   Player 2 -  Resource generation (controls work force in gathering, farming etc)   player 3 - military generation, defences (supplying troops to defensible posts)   Player 4 - controlling military / strategy      (obviously not exactly set up in that way but something like that)
GTA V style pornstar game. You play as these 3 American pornstars, a dumb blonde, a hot brunette and a badass black girl. Then this random ass Japanese pornstar comes to your turf to fuck over your market, you plan to make life miserable for her. You can go around town at night, asking for people to fuck you for money. You can swap between any 3 characters at any moment, and sometimes they may be in the middle of a filming etc.
A game that combines the beautiful open world design of GTA V and the gameplay systems and freedom of Metal Gear Solid 5. If I could get a game that amazing, I don't think I'd ever have to buy another video game again. Hell, if I just got one actual level, I would be ecstatic.
Cactus
A completly open slice of life world game. Like first person Sims level of shit. Have to drive to town to buy eggs and all that. Dress up for job interviews.     Or I could just go live my own life... But ya know.
Ok call me a mad man but what if Minecraft and Pokemon had a baby that wasn't just a minecraft mod.
Nice try EA.
Working on mine. A fully emmersive mmorpg that changes as players interact with the world and npcs, and slowly evolve even without players
A Military Legacy game, where you create a family line and play various characters from that family throughout history and collect Heirlooms. If you play a lot in the Middle Ages for example you can swing around a bastard sword during world war 2 if you want.  Build a family tree more, track victories and losses, create new characters for the family when one dies etc.
An Adventure game where you catch freight trains across the country.
It's hard, because examples of the games I want exist, I just want more.  I want a new X3 that's not awful. X: Rebirth and X4 didn't do it for me, and X3 is starting to show its age. Ideally it would be set in the WH40K universe, but I'm not picky.  I'd like more action RPGs in the same vein of Mass Effect. They don't even need to be sci-fi, but my wet dream would be to make a Mass Effect-like action RPG in the 40k universe. Something like a video game adaptation of Dark Heresy.
I’m pretty sure every Mario character has their own spinoff game except bowser. Unless you count bowsers inside story which I don’t because it’s a Mario and Luigi game. So I’d like a game where you mainly play as bowser.
A game that has a same general premise for every player, but the story is affected by the games that you have played in the past and the progress you made in those games.
Starcraft MMO, but similar gameplay/design as classic WoW.
A motion control spell-slinger RPG. Most likely VR, but also on the Switch. Not enough games that are pure motion controls.
A Kirby-ish platformer with 3 players playing little characters that are based on colors. One would be colored in Acrrylic Paint, another would be in Pastel, and the other would be in Watercolor. They would go through Color Gates and fuse together (Blue & Red= Purple, etc.) It would offer a challenge and each character would have it's own individual skillset to get through, I would describe it more in detail but I'm not good at coding at all, so I can't make it. I have ideas for more games (2D My Hero Academia Fighting Game, 32-Bit Fighting Game Based on Nintendo Consoles, Fast Action Platformer With A Class System)  Also, I came up with the concept when I was eating a bowl of Lucky Charms, I just came up with it randomly, lol
So this game exists on two levels. First is a level very much inspired by the modern X-com games. You are the commander of a large group of individual mercenaries with different abilities and specialties. You are in charge of managing and up-keeping their equipment, running r&d for new and improved tech, and for scheduling missions for these soldiers to run. It is very much like the strategic layer of x-com, but when you launch the mission, the game opens a public lobby for your friends ( or clan mates or just randoms)  to join and run a Destiny/Anthem style PVE mission with the classes and equipment the commander has available. The FPS layer would feed resources and level characters for the commander to use in the strategic layer. That leads to better equipment and the ability to take on more difficult missions for the FPS and progress the campaign as a whole.
Kinda like an Arkham type game, but you're an Angel and the devil is basically unleashing is wrath on the Earth.   It will be kinda of a mixture of Spider-Man PS4 and Arkham Knight. Probably Kid Icarus: Uprising.
Sci-fi + FPS + City Builder + RPG + MMO
I have lots of ideas but a recent one would be like a tycoon or management game but you are head of a terrorist organization. Obviously it would never exist but I imagine you have to recruit people and set up operations focus on different goals and things.  Arguably this could be not terrorism and be "resistance fighters" like you see in freedom fighters or the newest homefront game.
I would want a rpg style game that is also 3D (kinda like botw) but is Pokémon themed but more interactive than the current Pokémon games.  Also I think that if the legendary battles are as detailed as the Ganon fights it would make the game much more fit for current times.  Though I do like Pokémon’s transfer to the switch.
Solo play VRRPG with full sensory input.  I wanna play a sandbox fantasy game where I can buy a house, join a guild, and engage in heroics all while feeling like I'm physically there.  Yes, I know this is both a tall order, likely never to happen, and probably not what was asked exactly, but it's still a game I want to be created.
An open world game much like sao and ggo online. You don't have to be online but to get the full co-op experience its recommended to play online with others, full character customization like voice, hair, clothing, facial features and body type etc.  The world would be updated bi-monthly with new quests and missions, npc interactions would be fluid and almost real with full dialogue. You can sign up with guilds or make your own. Have in-game jobs! (Merc, thief, assassin, knight, gunslinger, bounty hunter, smuggler, hero, etc.)  Depending on your deeds you will be awarded a rank or title that you can change back or forth to if you want. (Much like fable in that way, but you cannot buy your own.)  You can marry/divorce, mark as rival or mark as ally other players. Put out bounties or arrest other players who go too far in-game. (Jail time would last however long is deemed by the significance  of the crime itself. Like PK-ing too often or theft.)  No magic.  Skills are the way to go! (Much like skyrim in that sense but think bigger. Like any little skill can help you.) Again. Depending on your play style you can unlock your own unique skills along the way.  The higher your lvl the more complicated the game gets, everyone would start on easy up until you start getting up in lvls. Easy to extremely difficult.   Pets, companions and mounts obviously.  Super simple menu and settings. Nothing complicated like warframe.  Can hunt animals for food and materials. Most buildings and world objects can be destroyed, eventually they can and will respawn. Can make up to 3 different characters, if you die you can revive with no loss of weapons or equipment. Your health bar will be low upon revival, enough to notice but not enough to lower your chances of escaping the threat that killed you before.   Bosses do exist! You just need to find them and be strong enough to deal with them. You can run into ones who are a lot stronger than you so be aware of your surroundings. If in a party the loot is divided by how much damage you helped deal.   [I can add more but I'm getting too invested in the idea but knowing it's not gonna happen like this is just sad lol. Add to it if you feel the need or want to!]
So the Dynasty Warriors series has crossed over with Zelda and Fire Emblem. I'd love to see a Kingdom Hearts Warriors. KHIII was mildly headed in that direction already, so might as well push it to eleven and see what we get out of it.
A pet sim game where you are an alien taking care of the humans you just abducted. The art design should be kind of like the old sea-monkey illustrations, and the instructions would be just as misleading and full of misinformation.
A Sim City racing game that allows you to race around your own city, I’m aware something vaguely like this exists, but I remember it being super janky.
A Wario Bros game would be great. Give Waluigi some love!
One where there were lots of twists, meeting up with alternate versions of yourself, have humor, fourth wall breaks occasionally, no one's really a villain, lots of heart, singing, good story, and use unused characters from other game series that didn't make the final cut.  I actually wanna make a game like this, but I'm not too sure if it's been done before.
a proper pet dog or wild dog simulator. eat, sleep, play, socialise, protect the pack the works. it can have proper social hierarchy and you are randomly born in a certain spot and have to work your way up or keep your place. dog packs are more complex than you think even just in your everyday home and it would be super interesting to have a game which really tried to replicate this
New York 2017.
A GOOD open world star wars game SINGLEPLAYER with a choice of going into multiplayer NOT made by EA. Just imagine being a sixth lord or a just a stormtrooper, joining the rebelion or just being a smuggler. Practically anything in the star wars universe, sorta like how skyrim let's you do anything from going to college or joining the army. This game could be amazing.
A character action Star Wars game
Virtual reality Pokémon
I’ve always been intrigued by prison breaks and bank robberies so a game based off of that, I know there’s that new co op one a way out and obviously gta but something more multiplayer where you can choose to be cops or inmates and when you escape you can create your own gang and the more shit you get up to with your gang or whatever, the more your bounty is worth.   A lot of explaining and I can’t explain but something on the lines of that, more like GTA but with more role play and make it more realistic.
A saints row/grand theft auto crossover.
Wrestling but there are waaay too much moves.
a realistic war game, that includes one or two shot kills, hunger, thirst, stamina, convoys, invasions, defences, and stuff like that would be really cool, but make it so you start as a recruit and can work your way up the ranks, and you can choose which path to take. i.e. ground force, air force and naval force. I think that would be quite a good game
An open world 3D very realistic Pokemon game!!!!
A game where you survive a zombie apocalypse, but you're a senior in high school. You have to save as much of the student body as possible, and fortify the school. Then you fight off adults, gangs, and other students while keeping the school secure until help arrived.
A good Superman Open World Game. Please just make it happen.
Here me out... We need a Hunger Games game but with a story line. Where you can choose a district and decide what your skill is. The online game would have a ton of different maps and could be played for up to one hour you can team up with but you have to kill eventually. You can use your story mode character as your online player.  Just a few ideas for a game I would 10/10 would play.
Full version of two SC2 arcade modes: NukedaWhales' Doomed Earth Revised, and Orion's Halo Game.
I think it would be cool to have a massive open world game where depending on the decision you make you can become the king of a region. You can then build up your empire across the map.
A pirate RPG game which is a cross between Skyrim and Red Dead Redemption.   You start out as a normal person in a town. You then go from there to join a crew and work your way up to captain.   You can recruit your own crew and manage it how you like, planning raids on other ships and getting to choose how “evil” your crew is based on how they act (for example, when you raid a ship, do you just take the loot with minimum casualties, or do you kill everyone and light the enemy ship on fire?) Furthermore, your actions determine how you interact with your mates. Do you split the loot evenly, or keep it to yourself. If a mate is caught stealing, do you let him off with a warning or have him killing in some gruesome manner? And if you were to annoy your crew to much, you could face a mutiny and have to basically start from square one.   You could sail to various areas in the world and have open world exploration, with quests in each area. I imagine some light fantasy, with sea monsters, magic, ghosts, supernatural stuff like that.
A game where everyone but you is a mind-reader and you have to figure out how to win without letting them know.
I know i’m late but I always wanted a parkour version of JSRF(Jet Set Radio Future) or just another version of JSRF that included parkour, rollerblades, skateboarding, and bmx. I would want the sick soundtrack but also have different genres. Also open-world.
Virtua fighter X DoA two fighting games mixing together a roster of characters  Robotech in vr
A gta of your home town.
Duh, Bandersnatch.
A Pokemon game where the box legendary "kills" you and you go to the afterlife to battle some grim reaper Pokemon.
Legend of Zelda game with 3 playable links across one time line. Kid link would be a oot\mm type deal. He'd grow up as an orphan in the forest and rely on using traps to fight. Maybe he'd get fairy blessings and animal companions\techniques to help him. Like training with frogs to jump high or birds to glide between trees. Eventually an evil force shows up and starts disturbing the balance of the forest. You then jump forward to see that force is now at war with Hyrule. You're adult link and have to fight them off. So more of a twilight princess feeling to it. Shadow beast and generals everywhere. Enemy strongholds and dungeons to explore. Adult link would have standard weapons like swords Shields and magic so he'd be more of a balanced fighter. The third link is an old man version from a dark timeline where Hyrule is lost and as a result you lose your connection to the triforce and your master sword. Old man link would be a jaded vagabond that maybe has a curse placed on him making him immortal so he has to live with the guilt of failing to save his Homeland and all the lives in it. OML would be a heavy bruiser that mainly punches and throws enemies and he'd have a big ol guts level claymore to fight with. Puzzles would be something like kid link plants a seed that adult link can climb as a tree that old man link finds as a petrified log to use as a bridge. Final boss would probably time travel so you fight him between all 3 eras ending with kid link defeating him in a weakened state preventing old man links timeline from happening.
Nice try, EA.
A video game where you are like a king and you have to make choices for your city whilst defending attacking other players kingdoms. Kinda like clash of clans but with rpg and sims combined.
A world where all kinds of discrimination are flipped: men had to fight to vote, white people were slaves, cishet people dealt with heterophobia and cisphobia, etc. It would show people how unfair it is to discriminate against people for something they can't control.
Extremely realistic (or at least believable) winter survival game. I want to have to wear layers of clothes to stay alive, light fires with something other than a button click, fend off wolves, hunt. I know there’s probably plenty of lovely winter survival games, but I’d love to be 100% fully immersed. If there’s any titles like that out there that I didn’t know about I’d love for someone to point ‘em out for me.
Ultra realistic restaurant simulator. Having it on mobile would be nice too.
A Tales Of game in the RWBY universe  A Metal Gear Solid game about The Boss  A game like Deadly Premonition far looser in direction and story.  (Also consistently graphically and technically acceptable)
A game where you are a normal citizen during a zombie apocalypse or a monster attack. I know there is this Japanese game city shrouded in shadow that is like that but it hasn't come out in the west yet.
A game where you float through space on a banged up spaceship and you keep collecting space junk and debris to build you base/ship
An AR RPG game where you enter a matrix-like network to destroy bot attacks on WiFi signals. “WiFi warriors”
Half life 3
A management game where you are a sports agent, negociating contracts and everything with real world athletes and multiple sports. I'd pay big money for a game like this
I feel like this is a bait question where people can steal others ideas...
An open-world replica of New York City where you get to play as an evil pigeon. And do nasty little pigeony missions. Shit in a police officer's coffee mug. Steal a hot dog from a child. Fight a seagull for a premium nesting site. Delay the Q train by tossing trash on the tracks and starting a fire. Block stoplights and cause traffic jams.
Babylon 5 game, but you can fly ships, pick a race, travel to planets, interact with other people. You can fight on a war and create a fleet of a race and choose to dominate space. Sounds like other games, but we need a babylon 5 game dammit! Plus you can watch episodes for free.
I saw a comment online years ago about people brainstorming about a game (nothing official just random chatting) that would be set like 40s/50s (kinda like fallout) and it's a zombie apocalypse game, but it's played as housewives in their nice dresses using things like rolling pins wrapped in spikes and stuff like that. Probably explaining that badly but the idea looked cool when I saw it.
An FPS themed shooter that goes through all major wars and battles throughout history. Starting in the past with (for example, Trojan war) and slowly making your way to a future dystopia (idk, maybe 2060?) and they keep going until peace is finally achieved or war ends up killing all of mankind and humans cease to exist.
A game where you are the first zombie and have to endure infecting the entire human race. You would act as the zombie, but the human would voice over pleading to himself to stop
okay so here is my idea, it’s hard to explain but i’ll try my best.  so it would be like a 4v4 or 5v5 shooter, where for example my squad of 4 or 5 create our map, the base is the same for everyone but we can add barriers freely, trees, obstacles or walls and stairs. we place them and strategize vs bots or just scrim in a public match. once we are ready we go into ranked where we play another squad, in the lobby a coin is flipped or something of that sort, whoever wins picks to either go first on their map or visit the others. we play a match in our map and second match on their map, if it’s a tie then we go to a sudden death map already created by the game. best of 3 obviously, i have way more details and ideas like weapons and like other creatures on the map you can place to help you, traps and stuff. always thought of it like a king of the hill type thing where we are the king of our map and vice versa, we can modify walls, weapons spawns obviously evenly distributed. a blueprint of the opponents map will be displayed during the lobby to plan for a minute or two, obviously you’d be underdog on the others map but you’d have the advantage in yours.  man i wish something like this existed.
A game where there is no cinematic cutscenes. It would be an open world game, and have no obvious interruptions, besides a pause screen, that takeaway from the game. It would be just the point of view from the camera following your character between any of the areas. The camera would be third person, and the game would be focused on visuals and atmosphere. The game has a story that progresses through the game play/ world narrative/ Characters in the world. It also wouldn’t hold your hand every time you got something new like a power up, or an item. It would only give a short description of what it does, and let the player experiment a little. Games like these are my favorite, it doesn’t even have to be 3D. Here is an idea for how a game like this would start out.  A masked man laying on the wet, muddy ground wakes up. A cloudy sky provides enough light just to shine between interwoven tree branches and leaves. As he gets up, he sees dead bodies scattered around, wearing a mask like his. Each mask had a different symbol on the mask, representing who they were. From there, you explore an open world, finding characters, lore, and what you were as you progress. Some areas could be locked behind something that would require a special item to unlock, to give some kind of guidance and progression.  Edit: Fixed some grammatical errors.
Years ago in the early days of Magic the Gathering gaining widespread popularity, around Fallen Empires, I came up with an idea for a fighting game based around the novels of the time. I had the beginnings of a system where you'd build up a mana meter while hand to hand fighting until you could summon a creature and have them fight for you. Balance would have been a bitch but it seemed like a neat idea at the time to young me.
A ragdoll-physics based wrestling game, I miss the days when wrestling games were slightly over the top compared to being super realistic. I wanna rko people off the top of the hell in the cell & have the landing look different every time. A WWE type game with a euphoria (red dead redemption 2) type game engine would be sick
An space exploration, where you can group up with friends (multiplayer), where u travell back to earth to find out about the alien invasion that happened there and decide to wipe out their species while travelling to their mother planet.
Rockstar robbed my idea for gta, granted i was like 5, but i always hoped for a game like gta , i had the 2d versions but i could see 3d with much more, imagine my delight when gta 3 came out
A marvel game with an wide roster of characters a story mode multiplayer and free roam
A game that is basically Eragon or a dungeons and dragons game turned into an rpg. Not turn based, but not a boss rush kind of game. Like world of world craft, but more whimsical, a easy to understand but gripping story, and good graphics.
Magic : The Gathering’s universe + Elder Scrolls mechanics rated M.
We need hardware good enough for a GTA where every single building is enterable. At that point the only thing that couldn't be done for obvious reasons is NPCs in the game that are >18 years old.
A game that needs a cheap and easy to use periphereal which blind people can play. I'd like to see more support for special needs people.
a harry potter or game of thrones MMORPG
A game where you plays as a vigilante
I just would like a multiplayer co op survival game where you have to gather resources and craft weapons as well as food and bases and make it neverending with endless options and opportunities but make it simple to craft and understand so that anyone can jump right in and play it. Something like a mix of days gone, fallout, and the forest.
My cousins and I always played a game we made called power tag, where you would play tag with powers. So here's a list of what the video game would be like.  • Multiple characters (free and unlockable), each with unique powers • offensive powers (when you are it), and defensive powers (when you're a runner) • Multiple maps ranging from small to large • Lots of game mechanics  • Special modes • First person  I plan on making games in the future, so I'd appreciate other ideas for this.
A game where you are in a zero gravity and a pistol and have to use the momentum of the gun to propel yourself around the levels
Hamlet
I've always wanted a d20-ish RPG roguelike that goes by hardcore rules by default. big difference to other RPGs in that genre is that we as players control the characters, but, we are truly only invest ownership of the adventuring party that is formed when the first party meets - lemme explain that better.  game intros, takes you to the stereotypical tavern full of several randomly generated characters, and you can move through the room like a fly on the wall. place is full of randomly generated folks of different races, classes, genders milling and chatting around the room. the place is rather small, so, not every potential option would be represented. maybe 10 people total in the tavern, with 6-7 being based on standard builds, 2-3 being based on rare builds, and 1 being based on ridiculous shit like half-orc bards.  clicking a character brings up their character sheet - none of which you can change. tag the four you want, and they end up at the same table. they clink their ales together, and you then choose the name of the adventuring party.  base it in a town with one of those super deep dungeons, not unlike Tristram from Diablo. basic gameplay is hack and slash with the ability to control individual characters as you please. characters level themselves up and control their own inventory.   big gameplay point is that death or crippling will be permanent. that character is removed from the party and it's back to the tavern to get the party back to full strength. total party kills are the end of your adventuring party, though. maybe leave a stack of loot for characters from another later party to find, minus all the stuff the goblins decided to keep.  with enough misfortune, you could easily end up with a completely different set of characters you started with. ya just need a gritty and meaty combat system backed by a moody and deadly dungeon - call it a day.   a friend and I came up with this concept years ago. I love most RPGs, but, sometimes, I'm just so fucking over min-maxing stats and all that shit on level up and spending time making sure I replace everyone's +2 gear with +3 year or whatever every fifteen minutes.  just let me grind out some dungeons and let the game deal with the specifics. I don't give a shit if I end up with three Druids and a Paladin, let's just wreck some shit.
God of war and devil may cry combat with RPG elements like Diablo...dream game.
Two ideas.  A massive war simulator that simulates every part of the war effort. Not just the soldiers fighting on the battlefield, but the medics trying to save those soldiers, the transportation of supplies, the factories, the farmers growing the food. And you can select a role and slot yourself anywhere into the war effort know that you're contributing. You manufacture bullets, take over a truck and drive those bullets to the battlefield where you give them to the soldiers.  I'd also make a survival game where you can pick a locale and try to survive anywhere in the world. From frozen forests to remote islands to deserts and forests.
A Spore that has more parts, more to space stage maybe more stages and definitly more science. It would be heaven.
recreation of the entire world,except no insides of houses,no moving cars. abandoned cars on sides of roads. basically a zombie apocalypse and you have to survive as long as you can with the resources earth has.
Xwing vs Tie Fighter, just modernize the graphics and polish UI.  The orginal was way ahead of it's time with pvp back when 28.8 was a thing.
A MMORPG that is based on non-permanent player characters and a setting that develops automatically over time based on player agency. It would probably never work as a viable model though since people usually don't like the idea of losing their characters or the game evolving over time.
Backhoe hero. I wanted a game that could reproduce using heavy equipment excavators, skid loaders, ect. I came up with this idea when guitar hero was really popular.
A FPS. However your weapons are an assortment of magical spells that all have their own combinations for special powers and counters. Thats would be pretty sick.
a medieval sandbox game similar to rust/gta; you could make your own sort of kingdoms or join someone elses in a public server. the closest one i've ever found would be reign of kings, but apparently that game's been abandoned by devs and is filled to the brim with hackers which is really unfortunate
A WW2 game that actually sticks to real life events and doesn’t try to throw in some Hollywood bs or make it a battle Royale
Game of Thrones open world... create your character, choose your backstory, design your house sigil/ house characteristics (if you choose to go that route), etc.
An RPG akin to Mass Effect or Dragon Age: Origins, but set in WW2.
GTA. I love that game
Not mine but my brothers where you basically play as the commanders in the star wars: the clone wars tv show and play missions from the show/deeper lore, I think it's pretty cool still 4 years later.
You have to poo and find the bathroom. Would be classic.
GTA Expansion that if you get busted, you actually go to prison, and the whole premise is either trying to survive prison or you can try to escape.
My favorite part of chemistry class was learning about ionic and covalent bonds and drawing the Lewis dot structures of molecules.  I always thought that would make some kind of cool puzzle game where you had to combine atoms into valid molecules or something.
More Spaceship PVP games.  Like Call of Duty but with spaceship dog-fighting.
Star Wars in a GTA or Skyrim style
minecraft but a online dating game
How has there not been a hardcore 2D Avatar fighting game yet?
A free roam game like Groundhog Day where the same day resets and you can learn from your mistakes to solve puzzles and complete side quests.
Back in the N64 days I thought about how cool it would be if you could make a game where you took stuff from the environment to kill enemies. They did make that game about a decade later, Dead Rising.  As for games that haven’t been made, I’d like an action spy game where multiple members of a team worked together to fulfill objectives. Like a multiplayer James Bond game.
Open world star wars. But not a mmo. Just a single player star wars game with star fighters, blasters, clones, rebels, lightsabers, jedi, and sith
I would go into the Dark Zone alone in the Division and see if I could sneak around players. It’s really fun when you can hear them talking about you and not spotting you.  So I’d like a stealth game against real players.  I don’t see how you could make a game that is good and based around this completely but it would be nice if games would implement it.
Star Wars zombie horror game, Death Troopers.
Super Market Sweep!  How did the Wii get *three* versions of "The Price is Right" but no Super Market Sweep?
a huge cross-platform,cross-fighting game. Its like super smash bros but bigger.  It will be Nintendo vs. PlayStation vs. Xbox. Characters from all 3 consoles in one huge fighting game.
I've always wanted to play a Grand Strategy City Builder.   Think of a combination of SimCity, Cities:Skylines, Tropico, and Crusader Kings.  Most city builders come off really weird because they have no reference to history or politics of a place - you just plop down roads and zones and soon you have a thriving city.  I want a game where the context of the city's starting time & place really matters.  There should be different factions with political leaders (like CK2 or Tropico) but also the ability to build bigger with time (like SimCity) and a growing set of player options that mean you're managing your citizens more than building for them.
Super Mario Maker, but less Mario and more maker.
Always wanted to do a racing game with all the streets in my home county....nowadays it probably wouldn't be too hard to make it for the whole country or world.  Do a digital cannonball run.
Virtual Reality Pokemon. Pokemon Go is a step in the right direction, but as a kid I've always wanted to know what it really felt like to live in a Pokemon world. Still somewhat curious, now, as an adult.
roleplay focused Sandbox mmo where literally everything, towns, societies, cultures, economies, everything, is player made and driven. You wanna make clothes? Sure but the only sheep are three towns over. You want to trade? well unless the local lord has commissioned a smith to make coins, or mined silver to make em from you're gonna have to barter, or use something like Cowrie shells.
When the WoW expansion Wrath of the Lich King came out, they introduced the first "prestige class": the Death Knight.  Death Knights are powerful undead servants of the Lich King, Arthas.  When you create a Death Knight character, you go through a starting scenario where you're created by Arthas and serve him through several quest chains.  Eventually there's a big final battle and at the end you break free from Arthas' dominion and rejoin the Horde/Alliance.  You then spend the rest of the expansion content fighting against Arthas.  I've always thought, from the day the expansion dropped, that it would have been so fucking cool if, after that big battle, you got the choice to rejoin your old faction, *or to keep serving the Lich King.*  Obviously, since WoW is an MMO and the whole point of the expansion is that the Good Guys HAVE to win, it would have been near impossible to actually pull off.  But I would love a single-player version of Wrath that gave you that choice.  Work to overthrow the Lich King and defeat the Scourge?  Or give yourself over to the darkness and help plunge the entire world into undeath?  I would play the *shit* out of that game.
I keep saying this and no one cares but sounds like the perfect fighting game to me. Imagine if you could have anyone from any franchise fight in an open world arena. The characters come in some physical form like trading cards or a figure (id prefer a card of some kind) and you can buy packs and trade them around. Then you can scan them and battle on the tv! Stitch vs shovel knight in hells kitchen, spyro vs Darth Vader in Narnia, John Marston vs Harry potter in the world of conkers bad fur day! EVERYONE LOVES CROSSOVERS AND IT'S THE ULTIMATS CROSS OVER FIGHTING GAME.
Terminator MMO where you are a resistance fighter surviving the war on Skynet.  Super difficult.  Desperation.  Scattered missions to Skynet based and of course, a PVP section.
A game were you start as a child and you get to control the characters life. You get to see birthdays and major events, and you can make 1 of 5 different choices for everything. But at the end you end up getting killed by the one person you loved the most and felt connected to, and find out they were planning it the entire time you knew each other. But then you have to replay the game as the one who killed you and you go along and watch as they plotted the murder of the only character you could truly customize.
one piece game where its open world and you can build your own crew n shit
a blue hedgehog that runs super fast
A system where you could mix characters from other games in: This level is a challenge for Super Mario; how would E. Honda do in the Forest of Illusion?
This is going to be buried but who cares. I have always wanted a driving game where you can drive on any road in the world. The player could select a start and stop point on a world map. The computer uses Google Earth or something to render your selected track while getting rid of obstacles like cars/people. Select your car. Race/drive. Shit if you need DLC you can do car packs.
Porn Simulator
Two.  - Pokemon Mystery Dungeon spin off that changes gameplay to let you go through beautiful environments with a gripping story while you get to play as whatever Pokémon you choose for yourself and the partner. More open world/action based, essentially.  - Monster Hunter game where you play as the monsters. It can be a fighter, it can be a more realistic game about becoming the king of your turf, anything is fine. (I don’t count Stories since that was still mostly the Rider and not the monster)
Alright so you start in this town, and it's on the edge/surrounds a large hole in the ground with no known bottom. You go down that hole and explore it, fighting the monsters inside of it and seeing the wonders inside. The entire game is exploring the giant labyrinth that is the hole, I believe I got this idea from someone talking about an anime.  &#x200B;  Also quick bites, an open world RPG where you are in a world of robots somewhat based on feudal japan, a MOBA using the Marvel heroes (probably MCU) cause so many characters would fit so well but I guess that genre is out the door right now, and lastly a game where you play as a bounty hunter in the future that hunts down criminals across the solar system.
A medieval fantasy RPG where you play a character going about his or her daily life and you can choose an occupation (town guard, soldier, blacksmith, farmer, fisherman, etc.).   I guess you can already do that in Skyrim, but I mean a game with less emphasis on adventuring and saving the world and just playing as some ordinary peasant trying not to get stabbed by a knight or cooked by a dragon.
Nice try EA...I'm on to you...
A ARPG/3rd person, think Mass Effect, but with Warhammer 40k lore. From an Inquisitor's perspective. I'd fucking LOVE that. Start as a Inquisitors Interrogators, work your way up to, then operate as a Inquisitor in your Ordo of choice. You could have all the team recruiting/managment along with ship/fleet management. Soooo much lore could be put into this.
A game that is essentially every game combined to form the ultimate video game and biggest crossover
A game in which you collect swords, spells, or other magical relics to combine into one big weapon or spell to defeat a final boss.
A cross between Forza or Need for speed and Car mechanic simulator. The physics of Forza and the simulation of Car Mechanic Simulator.
Big medieval battles like total war but every single guy is a player playing. Like mount and blade, but bigger like total war.
Open world game with Rocket League cars and physics.
A 3-d open world RPG of Pokémon. All of the battles you directly control similar to Pokken Tournament. All 150 original Pokémon available to collect and battle with.
open world pokemon game where you can travel to each region with the game updating based on nintendo creating a new region. using holograms for pokemon and going to very specific places for pokemon (like pokemon go but even more place and time specific)
Tony Hawk's Underground 3. Sonic Adventure 3.  ... that's it. That's all I got
A tdm space battle with space. Not low gravity but actual space phyics
Characters creator for a shapeshifting main character. Factions based on race (in a fantasy setting obviously) making certain appearances easier or more beneficial for a certain situation.
Dragon MMO. A simulation game like Wolfquest but with dragons would also be fine.
A superhero rpg like the Witcher or similar but superhero based.
A first-person shooter that renders in the entire world, down to every last detail. Obviously it's an unrealistic idea, but how cool would it be if some gaming company teamed up with the workers at Google Earth and they just made a map that shows everything: my house, your house, your college, your job, everything.
I really wish the concept shelter by Porter Roberson was a game  In the mv ( https://youtu.be/fzQ6gRAEoy0 ) It shows a girl (Rin) who is the last human alive after the world comes to an end Rin's dad knew that the world was soon coming to an end and built her a capsule which floats in space. Rin remains in a dream like state and lives her life alone. In her world she has the power to create anything around her by drawing on her tablet , building magical world's around her. Later in the story a message appears on her tablet and creates a world from her memories of her and her dad along with a message. In the game I'd imagine the plot being that Rin discovers part of humanity is still alive and she sets out to find her dad . Returning back to earth in search of him while helping others along the way.  If the backstory is a bit confusing I'd suggest watching the music video
An RPG/hack and slash/platformer. Think the magic system and abilities of final fantasy, with the hack and slash of Nier automata, and the platforming and speed of Sonic Unleashed/Generations
A mash between forza horizon and gta.  Basically all im asking is for turn10 to make forza but allow us to get out of cars/ go inside garage/house.  Plz anyone @turn10
I've always had this idea for a game so bare with me if it's a little long.  You have to earn your character's trust. The character will do as you comand based on the options you select. If you chose something that benefits the character then your trust goes up and the likelier your character is to obey your commands. Do something that hurts the character then the trust goes down and the less it will listen to your commands.   I.E. come to a cross roads: one way leads to death one to treasure. Press A for Death or B for treasure. Press B and the character will obey your next command. Press A and it dies then your trust percentage goes down and they may or may not preform the next command.  You will also have opportunities to convince an untrusting character to obey a command to help gain back some trust.
GTA 5, but the whole dang earth
This'll probably get buried but I'd kill to see a story based sword combat RPG set in the far future, using the elements of old RPG tropes. For instance the knight would be wearing riot gear styled to look light ornamental armor, the ranger would basically have some sort of laser crossbow, the mage would be some sort of cyborg with powerful augmentations that mimic magic, and the rouge would just be a robot that can basically turn invisible. The classic big-bad-superevil Dragon would be a giant construct like HZD. And the people of the world would worship technology as if it was magic. The classic "Holy Strength" buff would just be an adrenaline injection from your armor, the "Fireball" spell would be a proton cannon in your arm, etc. It'd be awesome with gameplay like GOW4.
A game that makes you choose a character, subtly uses gene therapy to change your real body into that character, and then makes you fight the God of War, which you ultimately lose because you are not a god.
A massive scale mmorpg game of thrones style in which the map is to scale. You start out as a commoner and rise through the ranks by alliances with other players. Armies are computer generated and are assigned to a player once they reach Lord status. Battles play out like total war games otherwise it plays similar to the old republic games with your custom character.   The highest level you can reach is king/queen but you can still be overthrown by other players who have formed their own alliances
I got Civ VI on Switch a few weeks ago and love it
A game that just makes me feel cool. like Hitman 2 or just cause, but different.
Pokemon,  but its appropriatey difficult the whole way though or has a hard mode (smarter AI) .  Just a dream
I'd love a proper RPG/War sim. The best combination would be something like Mount and Blade being mashed with some strategy elements from Total War with a proper story instead of it being a loose sandbox. If it could be paired up with being open world that would be great, but I'd be more then satisfied with a more contained experience like The Witcher 2.
An RPG/RTS/City builder. The best comparison I can think of is a combination of the Witcher 3's open world rpg, total wars mass army combat and like a medieval city skylines.  For fucksake, I wanna be able to conquer a map, while being able to build up it's cities into my own nation and then fuck around and do side quests and politics in it. Perfect game if done right, in my opinion. But I assume the only way it'll happen is if I started an indie studio and guess who has no idea about deving and designing games? That's right Rosco, me!
Basically, an action game where you're trying to collect magical orbs from bosses and you're upgrading a sword to use the orbs with. You could use the individual magic of any two orbs, but there would be less three-orb combos, and even less four-orb combos, and only one five-orb combo, with the needed orbs getting rarer and rarer. Also there would be  a ton of orbs.
A game where a bunch of people lead different countries, and form allegiances, wage war, and strengthen their nation. Would be kind of hard to make, but still.
a massive battle royale of my local area, i dont know why but fighting in a really familiar place would be so sick and when i go out i could still think of strategies.
An open world game based on Michael Ende's ***The Neverending Story***. They attempted it once but the company working on it went bankrupt and the game was picked up by another company and reworked into a first-person action/platform jumper game called ***Auryn Quest***.
sick and tired of fantasy theme RPG. need more Asian city theme game like sleeping dog
an RPG that happen in a workplace. like office or whatever. it like bully but adult version
An open world game kinda like gta expect you are football player combines madden and gta.
A mystery/choose-your-own-adventure game THAT IS ALSO a dating sim AND it has couch co-op for up to 8 players using their controller or mobile device.  Drama, sex, crime, mystery, romance, branching storylines. And all your friends are voting on what paths to take and arguing about what characters to ship together.
A variation of Danganronpa where you are the killer
mario kart wii but slightly less broken
Mass effect but in the star trek or firefly universe
Minecraft: Web Edition ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
(nerd alert) Marvel vs DC fighting game
An online FPS/RTT hybrid with a huge persistent map where "command level" players control a small army of bots and "ground level" players are individual soldiers and can use vehicles.   Basically what would happen if the Planetside franchise and the Wargame franchise had a baby.
A game with the Combat system of For Honor, the detailed world building and politics of Skyrim, and a Battle system like Mount and Blade.
Assassins Creed, But everyone is chickens. Don't even need to change the plot, just.... chickens
An Avatar RPG (The Last Airbender universe). I always thought that the 100 Year War before Aang wakes up would make for a good setting where you can choose what nation you’re from and make your own path. There wouldn’t be any newer bending techniques (no lightning, metal bending, etc. since it hasn’t been figured out by the public). Having Firelord Azulon depicted in his prime in the climax of the game depending on the kind of character you made is something I always liked to think about when I was younger.   I always like the idea of starting from the nation you choose with the option of being a bender or non-bender (with the exception of airbending).   Unique quests for different ‘races’ like a dragon related quest only a firebending character can do, and various other unique things to the other nations.   Having the option to use weapons as a bender or non-bender would be interesting and offer more customization to each character. For example, being a pure bender would allow for the ‘strongest skills’ in the game relating to the bending of your character, but with weapons you get unique, but not master level techniques and vice versa. Only a non bender can get master level techniques with weapons/hand to hand combat.   I’ve thought of this a lot over the years as I absolutely love the show, comics, and even the sequel series. Unfortunately this probably could never happen for loads of reasons. Also it would likely have a T rating for the target audience today, but a good war story would probably fit an M rating better.
I've been a bit salty recently that MMORPGs now have a trend to be built the same way all of them are built. I've played a good bit of them but they always feel the same and not rewarding.  My idea is to have and MMO where you level up your character's stats directly. The best way to look at this is Dark Souls or Fallout 3/Fallout New Vegas.  My thinking is that when you first play an MMO you don't know exactly what kind of class you want to start as because you haven't played it yet and there are so many to choose from. But once you select one, you are LOCKED IN FOR THE REST OF THE GAME. When you level your stats directly, EVERYONE starts with the same character or maybe choose from a selection on 7 to 10 "classes" who all have different points for each of their stats and different starting weapons, much like Dark Souls.  Then once you start playing, not only do you NOT have to play as the "class" you chose because all you have to do is level your stats differently, but you would be able to respec your stats whenever you want in certain hub locations for no charge, because why be charged for trying to play the game with a different build. This idea would allow the player to have a more flexible choice as to where they want to invest their stats, but also make it more of a skill game instead of a "class" game.  When it comes to weapon or spell selection, you can find those in-game and with certain stats needed to wield them effectively. Because you wouldn't be able to hold a greatsword if you didnt have the strength to do it.  And get rid of that ridiculous repetitive ability toolbar.  I haven't gotten ANY feedback about the idea, so if you have criticism or additions, feel free to pitch them
You are a 15 year old, your sister, childhood best friend and you met a talking wolf before your adventure started. Your village was attacked by monsters that are pure black and have a hole in their chest. You and your sister, friend and wolf were the only ones that survived the attack by running into the forest and escaping the monsters. It would be a turn based RPG with mythical creatures, guardians of different places of the world, a merciless antagonist, monsters, different kingdoms, and different weapons. All four of you have special amulets that let you control one element. You have a sapphire amulet that lets you control water and you have an enchanted silver sword. Your sister has a ruby amulet that lets her control fire and has a crossbow. Your childhood best friend has daggers that he can coat with different types of poisons and has a garnet amulet that lets him control earth. The wolf has an emerald collar that lets her control nature and she is also one of the guardians of the world. You can explore ancient and lost ruins and civilizations and find legendary treasures.
A Sci-Fi Bossrush MMORPG with Fully Customizeable Gear and extremely exponetialy complex job system. From Basic Matrials like Fibre to entire Armor Sets and Vehicles. Fully Customizeable and Craftable.
A pokemon battle royale being pokedex accurate
I want to see a single player (or maybe co-op) Mistborn game that plays like Mass Effect and is set in the Wax and Wayne era. You don't get to be a Mistborn because that would be OP as hell but you can get one allomantic power and one feruchemical power and you can evolve each of these with new skills in interesting ways.   Alternatively make a game which *does* let you play as a Mistborn but is set in the modern or sci-fi world so that people can actually develop weapons which would stand a chance against you. Then once again you could evolve your powers like in Mass Effect to become the ultimate Mistborn.
PROTOTYPE 3, Infamous 3 or something the lines of here take these powers go do some quests or wreck havoc, whatever you want
A military sim that highlights the REAL military. Not just the guys who are fighting, but the men and women stateside doing jet and ship maintenance or working in intelligence. You take an "ASVAB" do the full basic, get stationed, etc..
I don’t remember because it was so long ago but I’m thinking the gaming company had a dispute about it and they had fallen out and decided not to release it
Immersive, Open world, semi fantasy-realistic,  open world multiplayer where you can explore , craft and slay some creatures. I'm not speaking of games like mh,  they are cool but not realistic enough. Like An Escape from Tarkov RPG.
An open world RPG that blends stat and skill based systems well.  Like gameplay that takes effort to do well, while also being balanced with an MMO style character, with stats and talents and skills, while keeping it balanced.  Preferably singleplayer too
MMO FPS based around an existing universe like Star Wars. I played Planetside 2 on my PS4, and I thought it was a game with brilliant ideas that would make for a great game. Unfortunately, I had difficulty finding populated fights, so I eventually deleted it, but the idea of a game with a similar scope but different details (factions, weapons, etc) sounds amazing. I know that the logistics are difficult to get correct (PS2 lagged too many times to count), but if it was pulled off correctly I don’t think I could describe how thrilling it would be to partake in an AT-TE convoy assaulting a base or something. I do think that Star Wars might not be the best franchise though because I think there would be too much overpopulation for certain factions (especially the “good guys”).
A game grand theft auto but everything is destructible including the skyscrapers
The ability to treat an NPC like a living person.
A fortnite save the world but one big open world like fallout.
A *James Bond* / 1960s Cold War spy fiction genre parody/pastiche with the gameplay and mechanics of a game like ***Hitman: Blood Money*** mixed with ***Metal Gear Solid***(?).  Every mission has an open-ended level with objectives, weapons hidden in certain parts of the map, targets walking around, maybe some crowds of NPCs to hide in, you can steal people's clothes and wear them as a disguise, cool and funny gadgets, over-the-top super-villains and supporting characters.
A *Call of Duty 4* prequel set in the '90s or early-2000s with Captain/Lieutenant Price, Gaz, Sandman from MW3 (I guess?), maybe Captain MacMillan, and whoever else would have been kicking around back then.
You are stuck in a high school and it’s infested with zombie students that are really fast and your only weapon is a baseball bat from gym and you have to find a way out. The zombies came from an alien parasite.
A mix between GTA, Sims and Skate.
I've noticed there aren't a lot of cop games,  and this is what I've always wanted.  A cop game where police academy is the tutorial. Then you start the story as a rookie, write parking tickets, catch speeders, make some arrests, and get to know the city. Then you make detective and    start working major cases, raids, collecting evidence, and finding clues. At some point you start chasing a big case like a serial killer or something, but you don't catch them until the end of the game. Meanwhile you continue working cases and you make Lt., Cpt., etc. I suppose at some point you could become a SWAT member, or choose a division like narcotics, homicide, robbery, and there could be undercover missions. At the end of the game when you retire, something happens and you get the final clue that leads you to the main bad guy.
An open world Superman game where you can fly all the way from the Earth to the Sun
Another game I'd like to see is a game where you travel across the US using an accurate map of the highways and roads. You have to manage gas, food, sleep, and car condition as you work your way to your destination. It could be Cannonball Run, or National Lampoon's Vacation.
The Sims, but in different time periods. They tried it with The Sims Medieval, but it didn't have the open sandbox feel of the main series. Too controlled, I guess.
Attack on titans but with cats
I still wish Nintendo made their own Minecraft-esque game. Apparently they wanted to when the N64 was out.
A large scale /MMORPG cross platform game where you can change from third person/first person a bit like Runescape.  One were you can build your own in game items to make money and even patent them, you can also sell your own items too. You can buy land and build your own houses in game, you can also kill enemies and make friends. I feel like the map must be made as big as the Sun.
Twin Peaks - using similar engine to LA Noire either following the original series plot or being a new way to continue the story of the Blue Rose Task Force post-The Return.   Highlander - could potentially become Assassin’s Creed-like. A series devoted to the Game and the idea that “there can be only one”. Each game would follow the same protagonist through his lifetime and fighting for the Prize. Meet ups with historical figures, events, etc. could all be used and flash back and forth between the present and the past.
Think Spore and The Universim combined, but improved. You'd be a god and you have to make an entire universe and try to create life on a planet. You can make certain choices and influence some stuff, but not everything and try to make a society live untill they can go into space, where you can then create more life. Bonus points if your choices/influence makes every living thing believe you are real.     This or a great terraforming game where you can create life on different planets by making very hard terraforming choices.
The game idea is already done, but they all suck, I want a very realistic survival game.
Harry Potter video game but made like the sims
An open world Dragon riding game! Imagine playing as a noble swordsman who rides around this archipelago on a Dragon who can adapt and change over time. Discovering new villages, towns, camps and enemy bases, saving people and Dragons all over the place. It’d be awesome
Open world, RPG, survival Marvel game set on an alternate universe based on MCU where you create a human character and try to survive in a post apocalyptic world that was the result of Thanos Snap. You have to avoid surviving super villains because you don't have the power to stop them but you can still fight other humans.   Basically Fallout/Mad Max/last Of Us type stuff but without the zombies.
I really want a Total War game set in the Civil War.
Mmorpg Pokemon game where you can start from any region and you can choose which region you can go after you participated in the league
Everyone in the comments: its not impossible to learn how to make games and i think everyone could learn everything on about half a year and then you could create it yourself!
A 40k AAA online fps kinda like battlefield with vehicles and shit
A game like gta 5 online exept more players, and the world changes over time.  Exept that you are either a civilian, militant, or government.  The government is trying to take over all the rebel areas and makes money from taxes and occupying land. They fight the rebels.  Rebels fight the government and make money from underground activity. Controlling territory makes the crimes to make money more secure from raids.  Civilians repair the roads and buildings  damaged or destroyed and do buisness with  other rebels and government.  If either government or rebels  kill civilians they increase the chance that an ai will rat you our or tip off rebels to your location.  If theres too much civilians killed the population will decrease in one area and increase in another, world also has a set population with set growth  All sides have AI mixed with human players and just like gta, the more you fight the enemy the higher the resistance is, so big player raids plus ai will make for large battles.  Governments can use air strikes and other modern weapons but must balance collateral damage and be accurate or turn the population to support rebels more then not.  Did I mention I want the entire map to be destructible? Want to block off a road? Blow it up or collapse a large building on to it. Battle over? Hire civilians to clean it up and make a new building.   Year long matches Sounds to interesting and very controversial.
The one I won't disclose here because there is no possibility to protect my idea.  Stop trying to get work for free.
GTA 5, but made to cater to an online (and offline) roleplay aspect.    Im currently loving the GTA RP scene on Twitch lately. Specifically the NoPixel server. Its amazing what theyve created considering the limitation of modding a game that wasnt meant to be played like this.      Currently you can only have 32ppl online at once on these servers, and even then theres tons of issues occurring.     Imagine if the servers were stable, and you could have up to 100 people on one server. Imagine if each server admin had more control over how they wanted their RP to play out (crime/police, bike gangs, different types of criminals, socializing) by setting up custom jobs, heists etc. Without being limited by a vanilla game (now 6-7 years old) that was never meant for this.      I can only hope GTA 6 opens up more to the community instead of making something so shit like the garbage that is vanilla "moneygrab" gta 5 online.
Open galaxy Star Wars, probably running on technology we won't be seeing within our lifetimes.
It's more of a framework than a specific game: using google earth so you can play a game anywhere on earth. So it could be a racing game, FPS, flight simulator / whatever, but using real mapping.
A game like Arma 3 altis life but with the shooting/game mechanics of a polished game because arma 3 is clunky as hell
A game where you have to do tons of tasks in a time limit however, it is freaking impossible. Thus you must glitch it by doing weird stuff
The movie Stay alive   I wanted it to be an rpg survival with a great plot twist mystery horror and a  combat system.  resident evil/Penumbra/l4D
Nice try EA
I really just want an open world VR game with proper main casting. I want the shit from BioShock.  On second thought, I'm now remembering that Skyrim VR exists
A team of ants gathering foood for the queen. Whichever team gathers the most food wins.
Virtual Reality multiplayer online chess where you are a chess piece being moved by an unseen player. A full lobby has a person for every piece, with teamspeak enabled on default, and talking to the other team limited by proximity.  Argue with 16 other people on your side of the board before watching half your team get inevitably slaughtered by some preteen in Wisconsin who deliberately cannot hear you.  Talk shit with the pieces that will either capture you or be captured by you.   Finally, a chance to be a pawn.
I have always dreamt about a first person life simulator but with a story. You start from the age of middle school and onwards to your death.
Portal ,3
Half life 3
Always wanted a multiplayer game where you start out as the minion, the basic "lvl 1" thing you usually see en masse as your VERY BASIC kind of enemy.  A game where everybody starts nameless and non unique. A game where even the AI can upgrade itself like a player and branch off the hordes of other AIs.  You're initially not special, you're fighting alongside the AI which is just as good as you, if not better. You and some other players are scattered throughout the massive armies ravaging around the map / level fighting for territory, and by slowly gaining experience, you can upgrade yourself. But you'd never just quickly jump to being better overall.  Maybe you'll keep a low profile, only upgrading slightly but surviving the whole thing.   Maybe you'll die three minutes in the match as just another nameless minion.  Maybe a second later you'll be resurrected by an AoE spell which turns all dead low level humans into zombies, and then still die another second later, maybe even killed by your own previous faction.  Magbe next time you'll respawn, you'll be on the other side of the map fighting for another team, as a robot, or a tiny alien monster; each "faction" with their own upgrades, perks and goals.  Maybe you'll be spawned by a higher level player / AI as part of an AoE attack which "summons useless weak minions on the spot to fight for you".  Maybe then you wouldn't die. Maybe you'd even get strong enough to be comparable to normal lvl 1 minions... Maybe that would be the one run in which you do successfully...   But you'd never know.  All you know is that you will never see some high level thing that wasn't lvl 1 before.
a good fallout 76
Not a new idea, but I want another game like super paper mario
When I was a 10 year old I thought about a video game that would literally be called Tag and I would be just that Multiplayer in a playpark you know that sort of stuff or a new Counter Strike
**The Elder scrolls 6 Hammerfell.**  &#x200B;  **I know it is comming out for real, but in my opinnion it could be the perfect game for me. My ideas for it would be:**  &#x200B;  \-A lot of freedom to do stuff ranging from ruling a town to being a one man to group adventurer.  \-Your character starting from nothing (Prison starts in TES are always perfect)  \-Your character being a nobody (No dragonborn esc character. Make it completely up to what the player does with the character to become what he becomes)  \-No main quest (going of the last point)  \-Something to stop me from wanting to loot / take / stack up on everything  \-Inigo  \-Real looking graphics, I don't mean realistic, real. I want it to be realistic even if that is at the cost of beauty. Think about GTA 5 or RDR1, not RDR2, also not GTA4 thats way to bleak and grey  \-Not that many giant open spaces between well-traveled places. Referring to skyrim, I'd like things to be simular to Riften, a lot of things to do and see and not that empty (A lot of plantlife) I don't want it to look like Rorickstead (Or however you spell it)  \-Easyer to understand enchanting and smithing. Maby it's just me, but I still don't understand that crap  \-More impressive magica, I want to feel like i'm in some magical action movie like that dubledore Voldemort fight. The magica in the other TES games are a bit bland, good, but could defenently be better.  \-A less depressing atmosphere, going in with the realism. Everything looks bleak in Skyrim, from the dungeons to the overworld. depressing, grey, and empty  \-Smarter followers. I don't know if this is me, but I constantly feel like I am babysitting them. Maby a bit more character like more speaking can also do wonders  \-A vibrant culture. I want the culture to shine through again, like in Skyrim. But now in the future they can get even more detailed. This time it being the Hammerfell culture ofcourse.  \-I want more ''Epic'' things to happen. Maby stuff like giant things moving in giant temples with giant beasts (Not talking bosses or anyhting) taht you have to kill, avoid, or trap to get away or move on.  \-My character having a say in what happens in the game. I want more choises other then, I am blue, or I am red. I want my actions to have impact (Besides my actions of being lazy and letting people wait 5 weeks for me to do their quest of grabbing a bucket of water for them I axcepted to do. Having all quests be time based makes the game realy pressured)  **these are a lot of things I like, but I'm a picky gamer I have to say. If I'm wasting so much of my time on something it better be good.**
I've always wanted to see a game properly done that about an apocalypse based on nuclear fallout like the fallout games for example, but with much more realism and survival with an atmosphere kinda like the book "The Road"
open world game of thrones start your own house, be a knight or mercenary shit like that
Tera Online combat, Maplestory 2 like graphics, classes like the first Maplestory, skills and quests like Runescape and loot like Diablo II.  Edit: Also, infinite space inventory.
I won't let you steal my ideas.  Nice try

Either a fully open-world or MMO style Harry Potter game.  You start out as a kid about to start their first year at Hogwarts, and the tutorial takes place as you get all your stuff from Diagon Alley and board the train.  As you advance through your years at Hogwarts, the game holds your hand less and less (ideally with you being fully "released" from having your hand held around the end of year 1/beginning of year 2) until you finally have the world of Hogwarts fully open to you.  Then, upon graduating, you enter the "endgame" content of being a fully-fledged wizard in their world.  Not all the way fleshed-out, I know, but if this game was done right, it would amazing.
Super Mario Maker 3D
I had an idea the other day where random reddit threads are collected and a single random comment is taken from each of them.   The game is to try to match the comment to the thread.
A Souls like game but set in the divine comedy
Basically Enders Game on VR and Imagine you can do what He can like in the movies endless possibilities. A sci-fi strategy game
Basically the Oasis from Ready Player One.
Just a casual school game with drama. You could go any path personality wise, live your life, skip time and grades and not have to worry about ads.
Zelda type gameplay but also porn.
Mario kart weapons and tracks, with rocket leagues cars and turbo
A huge, open world RPG where you are an everyday guy, looking to make a living. Sure, you can grab a sword and kill goblins, but you aren't a superhero. You're a butcher or whatever.  I want to be the guy that kills goblins to feed his family, not to stop an evil tyrant bent on world destruction. Basically, a low-key fantasy game. The threat can be a rival butcher down the street (it can be anything, this is just an example) who puts his prices lower than yours, now you have to figure out how to compete. Do you go out onto the woods and kill more deer to have more meat in stock? Do you go after more exotic meat to draw in business? Do you secretly burn his shop to the ground? The possibilities are endless!
An Avengers type multiplayer game resembling the PS4 Spider-man game that came out recently. Being able to choose an Avenger with friends and play out a long story would be awesome.
A game where you’re taking care of zoo animals. But they actually recognize you/your play style and end up bonded to you. If you or someone else abuses them then they get extremely aggressive and are prone to attack your character. Like, they behave exactly like real life animals, and you even need to send them to other zoos/release them into the wild/ perform rescues. It just seems like it’d be really fun to perfectly emulate what a real zoo does
A first person shooter...with zero human characters, i want something completely alien, vs another completely alien faction. give your sci fi writers so much creative freedom and let the ideas roll.
Graphics just like RDR2. A horse game where you can breed, buy, and show/race horses in many different categories (barrel racing, racing, showjumping, dressage, etc), no microtransactions, and you can breed horses that follow realistic genetics with realistic markings. A wide variety of breeds, markings, coat colors, etc. Realistic aspects (horse life length, diseases, the care needed for them, stuff like lethal white syndrome, etc.). Basically a really, really good, realistic horse game where every horse is unique and has a varying personality (aggressive and likes carrots but can't neckrein or hates riding with a bit, gentle giant that likes sugar cubes and is great with anything, etc.). It would be awesome.
A blend of EVE online, skywanderers, and space engineers with procedural planets, base building, and so on. All ships would be player made, resources would be important for maintenance but not a pain in the ass to collect, (think dropping a collector on a planet from orbit) and of course, massive space and planet battles between player-made ships, mechs, planes, tanks, and so on.
A game that takes place in the underworld where certain regions contain a ring of an element connected with that region. It’s a game of the light wanting to keep all the rings in one place while the dark wants everyone to keep their rings. A war starts and creates a fissure between light darkness and the lesser elements.  It’s sort of a twist where light is evil and dark is misunderstood.
A 1940s-50s bootlegging open world driving game. Large city with a decent backwoods area. You can fill in the blanks with whatever you wish in this scenario.
I always wanted to see what would happen if we had a Mario game where it takes the levels from Classic Sonic and redesigns them as Classic Mario levels. I also wanted to see if we can a Classic Sonic game that does a very similar thing with the Classic Mario levels. Basically I wanted to see what would happen if both games followed each other's logic and how will it work?
I know Capcom fighting games are not in a good place right now but I wanted to see a Capcom style fighter with Pokemon.
A game with a massive map and creeps i could kill, basically a good RPG game, with a good level system and good story
A game where you make everything besides coding, story, characters, locations, etc
This is a game based on the Nickolodeom TV series “The Loud House”.  This game has a premise similar to that of Kirby Mass Attack, but in 3D. All of the Loud siblings (sans Lily) will start at a starting point in the level and will have to reach the exit door. If at least one Loud reaches the exit door, the stage will be clear. You initially begin each level controlling Lincoln, but you can switch to the other Louds on the fly.  You will need more Louds to do specific tasks to help you clear the level (for instance, defeating a small enemy might only require one Loud, while moving a huge turnip might require all 10).  The Louds will typically cluster in a group with Lincoln in the centre, but if an enemy approaches the group one of the Louds will automatically break from the formation to attack the enemy.  Each of the Louds has a health meter. If this is depleted, they will be knocked out and will disappear. You will have to wait 30 seconds before they automatically revive. If all 10 siblings are knocked out at once, a life is lost.  Each of the Louds has a special power that will allow them to assist their siblings with clearing the level. For example:  * Lisa can concoct flasks to give temporary buffs to her siblings' attack, defense or speed. * Lana can hurl mud to stun enemies. * Luna has a move that can wipe the screen of enemies, but it requires 3 minutes to charge between uses. * Luan can partner up with Benny for team attacks. * Lincoln can pass through special Lincoln-only doors that the other Louds cannot pass through.
An open-world game where you play as probably the weakest npc ( a coconut ) and you have to defeat heroes and adventurers and every fight you get stronger and stronger till you become the strongest npc
69 days ago  Nice
I WANT TO MAKE AN EPIC CREATION GAME!! A game where you could create characters, maps, and backgrounds, then you could animate, edit videos in many easy ways, (and pictures!) and add full bios for your characters, and maybe videos of animation and drawing tips, a chatroom with an excellent filter, the ability to share your work on it's websites and pages on stuff.
An open world Mario game that takes 100 hours to complete on a casual playthrough
Open world zombie survival
A game where I stop being depressed
Mirror’s Edge 2
An MMORPG with total permadeath, where one character/account is linked to one $59.99 purchase of the game, and an IP ban is issued upon death.
Half Life 3
An open world RPG game that takes place during the time of the King’s of Israel in the Bible, it’s based off of a real location so world building wouldn’t be too hard. Tons of war back then so combat and the main mission could be really entertaining. There is a bunch of liberty in deciding what faction you fight for and what god you follow, as well as a ton of wildlife that lived their back then that doesn’t now, including mythical creatures could make for very cool encounters with fauna. The end goal of the game could be deciding the fate of the ancient worlds future and deciding whose god will live on
A telltale type game about a boy getting over depression
Cross between TDU2, FH4, BFH, and BF4
Nice try, game developer with writer's block.
Okay, so you're this plumber, right? Let's call him ... Dario. So, you go through the shit pipes to other dimensions and stomp on mushrooms and shit until you meet the ultimate baddy, a big creepy dinosaur/turtle guy. You also have this shitty sidekick named "Louie" who basically just does exactly what you do, except he's wearing a different color. Anyways, the goal is to rescue this princess who is way out of your league and is currently fucking the turtle king guy. I think it has potential.
boots that let you walk up walls.
