id,title,selftext,created_utc
dia9r5,"The opposite of a stealth game. Instead of playing as the stealthy predator, you control the guards (RTS-style) as they search for and defend against the hiding predator.","You control an expendable squad of hunters as they enter elaborate, open-ended rooms designed for a stealth game, except in this game you are on the receiving end. The view is top-down and controls a lot like a RTS game in that you give your squad orders and they execute them. *Fog of war* occludes anything that isn't within the line of sight of your squad, so the enemy can sneak up on your hunters if you aren't careful. A lot of the gameplay is about looking for environmental clues (broken ventilation grates, trails of blood, etc.) to track the enemy. Then you either sweep the area and funnel the enemy into a corner that will leave them no choice but to pounce. The enemy AI will also target your most vulnerable team members, so you can go the risky route and lure the enemy by leaving one or two of your guys alone. Your squad members have their own individual heart rates, and if they're too rattled by losing sight of the enemy or seeing their squadmates fall to the predator, they will begin to panic, drop stats and disobey orders. You can calm them back down by putting a squadmate near them, in which case one will calm down at the expense of making the other a little more scared. **** I was thinking about what kind of story/setting/premise could benefit from this gameplay in which you're basically hunting Batman from the Arkham games. This is the premise: You belong to an agency that hunts vampires, and it recently found a sprawling gothic castle in which a number of high-value vampires reside. In order to organize a massive assault on the castle, the agency began hiring mercenaries for the operation. Now you must clear this castle room by room, all the while finding upgrades, adding new recruits and promoting your most valuable mercenaries. The further you enter the castle, the more powerful the vampires that stalk you.",1571156630
ddyvpk,"Had this idea years ago, before I joined reddit.","You start at a character creation screen, where you're given all these awesome options for traits, some of them chosen at random, and almost enough points to max out some stats. After making the final touches and saving, you're taken to another creation screen with less options, and about half the amount of points to go into stats. You are informed that the character you previously made is the antagonist, and you may have to face them later.",1570338181
dhofnx,"A horror sim game in which you play as a witch in Late Medieval Europe, you can cast spells, bewitch the townspeople, curse their crops/livestock/children, craft potions, create a coven, commune with demons - all while avoiding detection during the height of the witch-burning hysteria.","This is my first post on this sub, so apologies if I get the formatting wrong! The game would have a rich character creation mechanic that would impact gameplay and storylines; for example an attractive witch might be more adept at seducing other people, while an old crone or geezer might have an easier time hiding in plain sight. Vampirism, lycanthropy and other shape-shifting abilities could also add to the player character’s options about what their perfect witch would be.  There would be a variety of skills that the player could master: conjugation, numerology, astrology, curses/hexes, transformation and shape-shifting, clairvoyance, necromancy, healing, potion crafting, medicine, offensive magic, telepathy and mind control, flight, resurrection, summoning, luck manipulation, ancient languages, animal familiars, and so much more. These skills could be learned and improved through different rituals or through books and grimoires. About the animal familiars, I think that they would be a fun game mechanic as the player could capture and nurture a familiar such as a cat, wolf, deer, serpent, raven, etcetera and train them to do their bidding, eventually getting to a point in which they can psychically “see” through the eyes of their animal familiar. Summoning entities would play a large part in gameplay, with the player being able to conjure demons that grant special powers/buffs/items or protect the player by attacking/possessing enemies. Necromancy would allow the player to resurrect the dead to serve as servants or assassins. The player could also commune with the dead to discover secrets they could use to their advantage. Crafting would be a huge part of the game, with potions, rituals spells requiring either growing ingredients oneself, buying or trading for them, or foraging for them in the environment. I’ve been doing reading about the kinds of herbs used by midwives and doctors in the 16th Century and I would apply this information into the game. (I’m a huge fan of inventory items in games that have deep lore and backstories for every single item, I feel like it adds to much in terms of world-building.) The player could join a coven or build one of their own followers, start wars with other covens, infiltrate a coven to take it over or destroy it from the inside-out. Lots of interesting story quests could come out of this mechanic. Or, the player could wield power through more legitimate in the “surface world” by becoming the court astrologer for a duke or becoming renowned and wealthy for selling tonics and tinctures with healing properties. Or, the player could just lie/steal/murder/magic/seduce/talk your way to the top, there would be so many different ways to play through the game. You could spend the game as a white witch growing herbs and making a fortune selling potions and the occasional love spell; or, you could summon Beelzebub and have entire cities under your thrall. The main challenge of the game would come from trying to do all these things undetected, which is difficult as even a rumor amongst the townsfolk could send you to the gallows or the stake. But as your skill set grows you can get to a point in which you are undetectable to any inquisitor, or - so powerful that armies fear you and you can do whatever you want openly; or, you become so charismatic that you charm even the pope and become the most powerful woman or man in Europe. I’ve been thinking about this game idea for quite a while and I think it could be a really appealing concept! I think it’d be really interesting to play a character that does things that are normally portrayed in video games as being “villainous”. There’s also something kind of subversive about having a game in which the main point is to undermine rigid puritanical and patriarchal systems. Anyways, I just wanted to see if anyone else would be interested in a game like this and I’d love any suggestions or ideas about what to change, add or subtract. Thank you so much!",1571047261
dejmws,Rougelike where bosses are the remains of dead players.,Get a new highscore and your current character will turn into a boss that other players may have to fight when they reach a matching score.,1570455887
djsazb,Got a joke about a your country?," Hello folks, Can I ask a favor? I'm from Denmark and have developed a drinking game in danish. It's satirical and politically incorrect- stuff the Danes love! The game is simple: There's a pile of cards with random commands or jokes, referencing danish history, events, and politics. Each player takes a turn to draw a card, read out its text and everyone around the table is reminded of this funny/cringy/awful thing, related to danish culture. It varies from current events to things from danish history. \[Here's a few examples:\]([https://i.imgur.com/l6sgRO0.png](https://i.imgur.com/l6sgRO0.png?fbclid=IwAR27fU8bI6wXpVC2b__vdKfCJul49_20pqBvXxz-LCZ3NlhAHIMKdupK1A4)) I'm now working on an international version. I'm therefore seeking local/national jokes and references. Say your country has a sensitive subject or a certain tabu- Can you think of a joke or 'drinking game' that surrounds that subject? Any joke that fits your country, culture, and humor- whether it's political, soccer, tabu- whatever works! Perhaps the card would only make sense in your country if you follow the news, or it might work globally. I hope you're interested in helping as I'd love to see this version come to life. Understanding every countries humor and differences is hard and takes a lifetime to learn- so any help is appreciated! Thank you for your time",1571426077
dgziuu,Platformer in which the world around you moves only when you are grounded,"When you are in the air, all NPCs' animation are suddenly frozen at the current frame as well as any projectiles. You can jump, dash, hang from the platform above. All those count as being ""in the air"" and they cost stamina, which gets replenished whenever you touch the ground. Any additional ideas or variations you can think of? What do you think about the world freezing when you are in the air? Would it be better for it to freeze when on the ground instead?",1570907759
dfuvcy,"A farming sim set in a prison, where your sentence in an amount of food.","First time poster. Think stardew valley mixed with the eacapest and a hint of factoreo. Set in a world where food is scarce and the prioson system is entirely automated and senctancens are based on food production. You start out with nothing, no food, no respect, no currency and a sentence of 20,000 tons of food. To make things worse there is vary little space in the yard that has not already bee claimed by another inmate. The first couple of weeks you barely have enough to feed your self. Gradually you gorw enough to trade for more land, tools and respect and what you can't barter for you take by force. Key michanis would include: -Basic farm sim stuff along with a small amount of automation -Prison gangs, rivalries and allies would fight for space, raid growing plots and shank key individuals (all of this could be done by the player as well if they managed to gain enough clout to get away with it). The player could them influence different gangs over time to strengthen or disrupt alliances. -Hunger and trading would be a big part but both revolving around the food you grow, this would mean it's a balance between feeding yourself, paying of your sentence and getting things you want for better production. -Perma death. Don't have enough food to trade with the auto doctor to heal you after a shanking, then you bleed out in the yard with your blood fertilising the plants now owned by your murderer. Your next character would then be put into the same yard a couple months later with the gangs and relationships haven't chances much and you could see the fallout of the previous characters death. Maybe it caused the management structure of the gang you were part of to collapse and now a new one has formed in the power vacuum that was left. - the yard would be constantly changing slowly to show where other inmates are with there stories, some one could have been in the infirmary for 2 weeks and come out to find all there crops stolen ect. The player can then help them or join in with the looting Anyway I think you get the idea, might try and slowly put it together or not idk. Any thoughts or comments?",1570695269
dhhypl,A horror game where you can only see some things when the lights are on and others when the lights are off,"I was looking out of my bedroom’s window at night while the lights were on and I couldn’t see anything on the outside . When I turned the lights off, I could see the outside, but I couldn’t see anything in my room.",1571007644
dm156x,A while back I had an idea for a Mega Man style game where every boss is from the Periodic Table.,"I think I first had this idea in Chemistry class a few years ago, but I thought the periodic table of elements was kind of neat, and I often thought about what weapon or level gimmicks you could base off of them: **Helium:** Helium is most commonly used to make things float, so the level would take place on an airship with a flying boss. Beating them would give you some sort of temporary flight item. **Iron:** Iron’s level would be a medieval fortress, with loads of spikes and armoured guards, ending with a fight against a knight wielding tons of sharp weapons. Defeating them would grant you a sword for melee, that could also block projectiles. **Neon:** Basically Bright Man from Mega Man 4 if you’ve played that. A stage themed around changing light levels, and a boss with lasers and flash weapons. He’d give you some sort of light based weapon. **Lead:** A military base or something would be a fitting level for this one, and as for the /weapon? Guns. Just guns. Lots of big heavy duty guns. Maybe a machine gun that ricochets off walls or something. **Phosphorus:** Phosphorus will burst into flames upon contact with oxygen, so this would be a run of the mill fire level. Phosphorus would probably utilize fiery grenades in the boss fight, and that would be the weapon you get from them. P.S: My runner up for “fire boss” was sulphur aka Brimstone, so you could just use that instead. **Nitrogen:** Liquid nitrogen is extremely cold, making this the Ice level. Maybe a submarine or boat of some kind frozen in the water? Something like that. Nitrogen’s weapon would be a generic freeze ray, enough said. **Copper:** Copper is very conductive, and used in most wiring. Its also used in electro magnets, which could be a good mechanic. Beating them could give you some sort of super magnet weapon or something. **Gold:** The level would be a mine/quarry of some kind, maybe with a river through it (like panning for gold). Not sure about the boss or weapon though, maybe something related to Midas? **Uranium:** A power plant/toxic waste dump. Rivers of radioactive waste, possibly mutated enemies, and defeating the boss would give you an X ray cannon or something. These are just the handful that I thought were the strongest, and I may expand upon a few of them in the future.",1571845542
dge9k0,Horror: Second-Person perspective with blind telepathic protagonist,"Just an idea for a game that has been haunting me after watching [Nick Robinson ""This Is What a ""Second-Person"" Video Game Would Look Like""](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mC8QoRa8y_Q). Was thinking about games that would really benefit from being played predominantly in Second-Person. This is the result. # The idea This is a horror game told from the perspective of a blinded telepathic protagonist that wants to save its child from a being that doesn't kill its victims but instead traps them and forces them to *watch it*. The goal is to stealthily avoid the entity and solve puzzles by using your telepathic ability to see through the eyes of these trapped victims. The game will be played from a FPS perspective where your blinded characters hearing of the environment is visually represented like Perception but much blurrier and only extending a couple of metres around the player. The predominant means to see the environment will be to use your telepathy and see through the eyes of these tortured souls, which also protects your character from the madness the entity causes when it is viewed. # Is 2nd POV really that good? Absolutely, here is a couple of horrific sequences that really exemplifies the strengths of this style of presentation; * Burning out your childs eyes with a hot iron using your childs vision to guide the iron into their eyes, protecting them from a fate worse than death * Using telepathy on a victim who realises that your in his mind and starts begging for you to kill him * The entity chasing you which requires you to use the monsters perspective to avoid obstacles and escape ____________________________________________________________________________________________________ Please note that I stripped back this idea to the bare bones so anyone can implement their own ideas using this basic framework. If you want to know my ideas for the other game elements, such as the entity design, just ask and we can have a discussion about it.",1570795954
dpd0hb,"Single gun with runes that you can combine to apply different behaviors, instead of having multiple different guns","I was thinking about this for a shooter 2d platformer. Instead of having multiple guns and switching to one or the other, you have a single gun to which to can attach/insert different runes that can perform different things. A rune belongs to a certain category (eg: type of recoil, power, muzzle) and you can have only one rune of a certain category at a given time, but you can combine runes of different categories as you wish. Examples: - recoil: there'd be a rune with a hell of a recoil that even allows you to jump in the air in a sort of dash when aiming to the ground - power: one rune that when the gun is shot does a lot of damage and another rune that just throws air which could be used to hover while having the button pressed, and maybe approach enemies without being noticed. - muzzle: a rune that lights the whole room when shooting the gun but lasts just a fraction of a second, and another rune that shoots a laser beam that while keeping the button pressed lights up just a little bit around the beam. Etc. Does this exist in any game? Does it sound a stupid mechanic or can it have potential?",1572470223
dlx6oq,A small town beat-em-up game in which the thugs and lowlifes you encounter all have names and backstories you can discover and explore.,"The game presents itself as a typical Yakuza/Shenmue style beat-em-up game but on a much smaller, more intimate scale. Perhaps instead of a city, the game is set in a school, mall or worksite to keep the development scope manageable. This is necessary because every enemy in the game is a unique character. At first you might assume that you're fighting the same 20 reused character models. After realizing they're the same named enemy character as in previous events, you may believe the enemy characters are being recycled to save on development. However, if you poke around and pay attention to the environmental details and follow their clues, you may discover an unfolding backstory to those characters. From those discoveries you may come to sympathize with them, or in some cases you may be able to resolve their issues and befriend them altogether. **** The combat features a stamina mechanic that wears all the fighters down as the fights drag out, and eventually turn fights into desperate slugfests like the end of the [Daredevil Hallway Fight](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B66feInucFY). Your stamina drains when enemies block your attacks correctly or when you maneuver out of grapples. For most of the game, you'd assume the point of it was to force you to fight more efficiently to drain the enemy's health before your stamina runs out. But later you may realize the whole system was a massive hint that **enemies have their own hidden stamina limit** that you could drain instead of their health. All the techniques enemies use to drain your stamina, you discover, are ones you can use on them. The player's character starts out as a hero who firmly believes they have the moral high ground and has to dish out beatdowns for justice. Although the player can play the whole game this way if they want, the option is there for players to give their hero a dynamic character arc in which he has a change of heart about his enemies somewhere down the line.",1571825708
djeg48,"""Platformer in which the world around you moves only when you are grounded"" Can anyone convince me this could be fun?","I posted this mechanic the other day and I must have deleted it by mistake. Many people liked it: &gt;When you are in the air, all NPCs' animation are suddenly frozen at the current frame as well as any projectiles. &gt; &gt;You can jump, dash, hang from the platform above. All those count as being ""in the air"" and they cost stamina, which gets replenished whenever you touch the ground. &gt; &gt;Any additional ideas or variations you can think of? What do you think about the world freezing when you are in the air? Would it be better for it to freeze when on the ground instead? &amp;#x200B; I thought it was a good one too. But after a second thought and making a quick prototype trying to see if it was fun... I realized it wasn't. When you're grounded everything moves and when you're in the air everything freezes? Meh... I originally thought this for a fast-paced platformer, that could involve shooting or not, but fast-paced. But now that I think about it, it'd be more suitable for a slow puzzlish platformer, and not fun. Can anyone convince me otherwise?",1571353947
dldm9y,"A comedic pervert stealth RPG. Complete with a compact, but relatively large, open world with opportunities to perv out at every corner!","TLDR: Explore a virtual world designed specifically around objectifying the opposite (or same!) gender. Complete quests and build up a portfolio of your work using your camera. Avoid being spotted taking pics by NPCs, especially security guards and cops who will remember you in the future. Become allies with some losers you meet along the way. Includes typical rpg stuff like creating your character (includes all genders and sexual orientations). You start out in your dorm with only a camera in your inventory. Run around the map taking creepshots, making use of places like stairwells to catch upskirts (the map will also be populated with men in kilts, togas, etc. so that men may be upskirted as well) Maybe an algorithm judges your in-game photos to assign a grade or point value? The map is filled with places of interest (for a pervert) including pools, a beach, a mall, a college campus. Eventually you realize even seemingly normal places all serve a pervert-related purpose in the game. Bathrooms and locker rooms are fair game for increasing your &lt;peeping tom&gt; skill tree however they carry a much higher risk. This is where stealth comes in which would be a highly fleshed out core game mechanic. And then, nightfall hits and if you’re in the right place at the right time you can catch glimpses of people changing next to their windows. Also, your character has a job that either comedically clashes with their perving hobby or complements it. This adds another skill tree and quest line to the games. The game would be a lot more complex than i’m describing, i’m thinking you would end up meeting a lot of cooky characters along the way, maybe even a “perverts guild” full of people that see themselves as badass secret agents but are losers in reality.",1571724136
ddi7sh,Genre Flairs,"I think having genre flairs would be a good idea. Just the basic ones. (Puzzle, RTS, RPG, FPS, TPS, Other) People wouldn't have to scroll through different ideas for RTS, Puzzle, RPG etc when they want to find FPS ideas. I bet it would make scrolling through the sub easier imo",1570247654
dcef1t,"Making a heist game, what is missing from current gen heists?","I'm working on a top down sci fi heist game that plays a little like payday 2, along with some randomly generated bases to raid. I haven't seen a good heist game in a while, what would be some new ideas or things that would be cool to include in a game like this?",1570041660
ddcjrf,A step tracking app that is also a PvP turn based strategy game,"As it says in the title, what do you thing of a turn based strategy game where the mana used for your turns was generated by the physical act of walking? For example the app counts how many steps you did in a particular day and makes that your mana count. Producing units, moving units, and attacking with units all cost a portion of that mana. For PVP the turns are updated at midnight where the actions of your army are resolved against the actions of the enemy's army. If you don't have enough mana to commit to an attack you can do a late night run or hit the tredmill to get that last mana before queuing the attack just before midnight. The next day you would get a battle summary of enemy attacks, territory gained/lost and the success of your own attacks.",1570218921
dhfspy,"Thoughts on a game I'm going to be working on? Also, any interesting indie ideas?","Hey there! I was practising unity for a few months now and want to make something interesting for you guys to play on your android phones. I'll work on the project alone, so don't suggest anything big.  Also, I had this idea yesterday and would like to know your opinion on it. Basically, 2-5 players are put on a platformer map (2D) in one robot or stickman, or whatever skin it is and they have to control the whole body working together.One player gets a leg, another one gets a hand and so on. The game would be based on fun physics. They would have to run around the map, picking up weapons and defending against zombies ( maybe something else, i don't know). Any toughts? Thank you.",1570997377
dg7t8k,Magic system,"To begin i will first say that i LOVE magic in video games and movies, cause i mean who doesn't want to shoot fireballs? however in games i always wished for more freedom with my spell casting so i came up with my idea for the ideal spell casting system(at least in my opinion) # THE IDEA I call it ""words of power"" basically instead of obtaining a spell like ""fireball"" you obtain words and combine them into spells so instead of fireball you would combine ""Shoot"" and ""Fire"" the more words you use the longer the spell would take to cast so a spell like ""Shoot fire"" would be faster then ""Summon water dragon"" it would also consume more mana or whatever your game would use mana consumption would also depend on how specific your words are so saying ""summon armored fire dragon"" would have a bigger cost then ""summon rock"" another thing to note would be that player's could be given spell's however the spells would be unnecessarily long encouraging player to look at their spells and ""optimize"" them",1570756728
dmb0fa,Looper (a shooter game),"very close inspiration of corridor video ""clock blockers- a mind bending gunfight"" you and an opponent have 5 clones each, you set each clone up with their loadout pregame, when the game starts, you and an opponent can send out a clone- which you or they control- and do a specific task, once one clone dies, or the round is a tie, everything resets, you can then send out 2 clones, BUT the clones you and your opponent sent before does the same exact thing as last round. you then can stop the opponent from killing your old clone (which would count as points to win) and so on until all 5 rounds have ended. then with the information you have learnt along the way to kill your opponent. how you would win: all 5 opponent clones are killed, you keep all 5 clones alive, or draw or the timer ended (in which it will tally how many clones each player has, and gives the win to the one with more clones alive) how it would play: its like cs:go but its clones, you choose each clones load out and head into battle, 1v1's and 2v2's. each player/clone has 15 health. each round is 2 minuets. (spawns are protected, no spawnkilling) the weapons: AR 6/10 damage far 7/10 damage close SMG 3/10 damage far 8/10 damage close Sniper 8/10 damage far 3/10 damage close Pistol 3/10 damage far 3/10 damage close Grenade 1 shot if in 4ft radius the healing or secondary defense (in replace of a secondary weapon) Bandage +3 HP Medkit +6 HP Barrier when placed, blocks shots Ammo crate refills ammo halfway, once only this game could technically launch and be good, depends on the developer and their actual compassion towards making it, it would be really cool to see this and be basically perfect in a competitive sense. i might even make this a game if i ever learn how to make FPS games",1571889619
detz9f,A game where you control a volcano and its development.,"I want a 3d game where you ""play"" as a volcanic intrusion. It would randomly generate the surrounding 10,000 sq miles (not very detailed, mind you) you would start off with a small volcanic cone, but eventually grow to a massive shield or stratovolcano. You could control how you grow by growing vents off of the main ""Neck"" of the volcano, balancing the pressure, lava, and temperature of the magma chamber, deciding when and where to erupt. The game ends when the pressure runs out, or you become a [laccolith](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laccolith). Extra features would include: The ability to become a hotspot Ways of becoming a supervolcano Humans creating cities at your base and a status rating of your volcano Challenge scenarios.",1570502529
diogjy,Horror game idea,You are traveling with your best friend. Your best friend is infected or possessed but is normal during the day. Civilians know you are traveling with an infected so they fight you during the day and you both get stronger and get new power ups as the game goes on. Every night your best friend is taken over by whatever posseses them and they become an enemy. you have to fight and evade an increasingly challenging enemy that you can't escape.,1571228071
dl25sv,Horror game centered around living with intrusive thoughts,"So the game is like a tamagochi where you have to make sure you keep up your person's hunger, hygiene, social and sleep. The twist is that images representing different intrusive thoughts pop up and certain rituals will make them go away but then those intrusive thoughts will pop up more. If you wait the image out it will stay longer but will pop up less I'm thinking the thoughts will be separated into categories based on the four horsemen.  Death is thoughts of being killed and attacked. It will make it harder to sleep and you'd have to pray to get rid of them. Pestilence is thoughts of decay, rot and sicknesses. Which would make it harder to fulfill your person's hunger because they'd be fearful there food was contaminated. You'd need to wash your hands three times to get rid of them. War would be thoughts of other people being secretly against you or being afraid you'd attack someone. Which would make it harder to fulfill your social needs. You'd need to reassure yourself somehow, maybe hugging a stuffed animal a certain number of times. I don't have any ideas for famine. If you got to zero on any of the needs your person would die and you'd see the funeral service. It'd be in the style of a tamagochi game with the thoughts showing up as glitches representing each category in the same style.",1571671693
divmmq,Superhero spreadsheet simulator,"The game would be based on the model of ""Front office football""(American football simulator) and would follow superheroes as they fight villains and form teams/relationships. The player would act as a coach-like character that would organize how each superhero would be used in a team and their local crime-fighting strategies in a way that would best fit the type of hero they are. The game would be based on a stat system similar to sports games with a score out of 100 for each stat about a hero. There would be archetypes in which different stats would make a difference in the overall score of the character. The archetypes would also have access to different powers that would be best suited to different roles on a team or as an individual. the screen could show both a pure stat to show their game ability accompanied with a number showing their ability based on real-life metrics. an example would be showing their max speed in KpH. examples of stats could be endurance, strength, Deductive reasoning, Heat vision, scientific knowledge, speed. etc. Archetype examples would be martial artist, detective, Alien, Mutated human, Divine blood/blessing, etc. archetypes could mix for characters multiple derived archetypes. You would simulate each week of the year and the heroes would fight against a villain(s) that also would also have observable stats. Heroes would be based in one city/state and would form a pool of villains over time. Teams could form out of heroes in the same location or if there is a villain that threatens multiple territories and has very high stats. Heroes could create relationships and conflicts with both villians and other heroes. A morality stat system would act as the basis for who is a villain or hero. Heroes either could retire or become villians if their morals change to evil and likewise to villians that become too good. Morally gray characters could act like anti-heroes which would use less scrupulous methods to fight villians or tweeners that switch sides based on the event and their relationships. There is no need for a story as if the procedural simulation is tight enough then the player can create a story within their head to fill in the connections between the pure numbers and outcomes. The main objective would be to create a UI that could properly represent all of the moving parts and also be interesting to the player as it would be the sole graphic of the game(unless you added a character creator). Feedback and comments are welcome.",1571259264
dpu6dg,"Coffee Break: A game where you have to run to change records, as a jazz radio DJ.","I was thinking of a game similar to Killer Frequency, but rather than focus mostly on story it focuses on the game play mechanic: Find and change the record before the song ends! In a way, it seems like it could be repetitive after a while, however, I think it could be modified so the challenges get more interesting each time you try to find the record.",1572556904
dmlqy2,Vintage style fighting game,"This doesn't have to be a game, it can be done as a mod for a 2d fighting game maybe. Pretty simple idea, have a classic fighting game except in vintage 1900s style, sepia etc. The characters can be like [old timey boxers](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/3b/92/2c/3b922c941377795b1eea7aec87c9cc90.jpg), [circus strongmen](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/18/75/45/187545fd33daaf4d29d4b02456a47081.jpg), [gentlemen](https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/vintage-gentleman-sketch-hand-drawn-pencil-old-fashioned-wearing-tuxedo-top-hat-monocle-moustache-47123694.jpg), [oliver twist-style street urchin](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/uJyKtei_HaQ/maxresdefault.jpg), [chimney sweeps](https://englishresourcefiles.files.wordpress.com/2016/06/victorian-kids-3-e1466492131916.jpg), [victorian ladies](http://images5.fanpop.com/image/photos/26900000/victorian-lady-photo-vintage-26924202-221-350.jpg) etc. Settings can be steam trains, factories, rooftops, palaces etc. It's possible this is already a thing, or a similar concept has been posted or made, so do let me know if that's the case. So yeah do let me know what you think!",1571946895
df5naj,A game where you play as a switchboard operator for a company/town/etc.,"You could make it a mystery game where you would listen in, or just make it a simulator-y/skill game. I’ve just been watching some period dramas and I’m always interested in scenes with switchboards (sorry).",1570566212
dee7vc,"A open world rpg game with 3 different time periods, Future, Western, Medieval all tied together by sleeping","So this game is open world set in the three different time periods mentioned. The game is a complete rpg where you could kill anyone, fail anyside quest, etc. In this game the main mechanic is sleeping, this happens through story reasons but it takes different amounts of time sleeping to reach a time period, also depending on energy level of character, time of day, are enemies nearby, and some things you can gain within the game such as insomnia.  Different events and deadlines for quests happen on certain dates and time so missing one becuase you didnt sleep in time will cause you to fail the quest, drastically altering the other time periods and future.  You do not play as the ""chosen one"" but instead can help them, be neutral, kill them and take their role, work as an enemy, etc. Weapons are also altered based on the time period, such as an energy sword would become a electrified sword in the west. Thats my idea its not fully complete but those are the basics.",1570420325
djcl6r,Drowned Earth (Monster Hunter meets The Last of Us),"Genre: Post Apocalyptic, Survival-Horror. Premise: Water levels rose above sea level, causing massive floods that submerged cities. Without human interference, sea life evolves and takes over as the top of the food chain. You play as a band of survivors sailing to find a safe place free from predator fish and pirates that dominate the flooded regions. World design: The world would resemble a classic post-apocalyptic open world, but with a twist: It's submerged. So most of the Gameplay involves sailing through cities, diving underwater to find resources and salvage junk,avoiding hostile marine life along the way. Some skyscrapers and towers that survived the floods can be used by npcs as hideouts or camps, however most npcs live in large ""floating cities"" made of connected platforms. Gameplay: Classic survival mixed with roguelike elements. You pilot a sea vessel that houses survivors which can be sent out to find loot and maintain the boat. You can the boat where ever it needs to go, or simply ""park"" it and take control of survivors (classic third person action) .  The boat of course, can be upgraded and new vehicles can be made for crew members to explore outside of the boat. Since wildlife evolved faster, sea life has become more hostile and dangerous. Sea life also makes up a huge chunk of the New ecosystem. We can have prehistoric-looking sealife prey on different areas of the map. The horror part is that they're underwater, hence one can never really know when they pop up. Part of the missions can involve hunting down specific sea monsters, and using their meat for upgrades or to trade. Survivors form the roguelike aspect. Each one comes with their own backstory, skills and Perks. Permadeath means that if a member dies, they're lost for good. They can be assigned to man the boat or can be put in an active team that the player uses to explore on foot (or swimming). Survivors are necessary to finding loot at the deeper ends of the drowned cities, as well as fighting off enemies. New survivors can be recruited, either via story missions, rescues or hiring. Exploration underwater requires specific gear for deeper levels of exploration and finding rarer loot like canned food, scrap metal, clothing material and machinery. Combat can be done via the boat (vs pirate vessels or marine monsters) or on island buildings (scavenger outposts, towers or camps). The former plays like Assassin's creed black flag ships, the latter plays like basic third person action, remnkscne tof Metal Gear solid. Stealth can be employed to best enemies (both on sea and island), weapons and tools can be crafted from scrap. Overall, the game is all about uncertainty. The survivors are uncertain if the safe place exists. You're uncertain who survives. You're also uncertain where the monsters are underwater or when they'll attack. You're uncertain about survival Challenges. The scale is seriously large. I don't know if it's possible to build an open world with massive underwater areas and a fully functional ecosystem that is also underwater. Plus things like weather, NPC activity and day/night cycles will be different with this new world. But that's what game design is all about. Finding ways to pull off the impossible. Even if it means cutting back on some other features like Ship building management, Settlements or something else. But I want to hear from you guys. What do you think?",1571345713
dohhb0,Final Fight-themed City Builder,"You play as mayor Mike Haggar and you are tasked with rebuilding and managing Metro City from scratch after the ending of Final Fight 1. It's a typical city builder/managerial sim with a twist: when criminals get out of hand, the police asks for your help and then the game shifts to classic 2D sidescrolling brawler action. How well you do in these sections determines how your city develops and may unlock perks.",1572305725
dfjugx,I need weapon/enemy ideas.,I am making a game that is basically Scribblenauts + We Need To Go Deeper in space. It's a co-op game and the players are space cats. Any ideas for weapons?,1570640014
dk78a0,"An indiana jones inspired platformer, with a whip.","an i had with from egorapter's castlevania 4 sequelitis, where he explain the whip in castlevania is castlevania 4 was the most overpowered thing in the game, and yet the world and levels doesn't really compliment the whips overpowered-ness, this video right here. https://youtu.be/ww_PjqYQi5E so what if we do exactly that, where levels are more design not onlg with the same overpowered, and also explore more ideas what and mechanic that in paper only makes sense with even only the whip. (indianna jones instead of casltevania is because...i don't horror, so i rather explore aesthetics i am more comfortable with)",1571507821
ddo8ri,News Helicopter in City/Monster Brawl,"How about a game in which you pilot a news helicopter in a city? Your goal is to get close to the action so that the onboard camera worker can get good footage, but you also need to stay safe. You could be sent out to get footage of any number of events, but one in particular I'd like to see would be two giant monsters fighting (classic Godzilla style). The main inspiration was making this a VR title so that you would get the sense of scale as a human observer during one of these fights, but it doesn't need to be VR. I think as long as the fights look good and the gameplay is casual enough that you can enjoy the show while engaging enough to keep players feeling like active participants in the world it could work.",1570287332
di4lvo,"I was looking for a QWERTY Ouija Board, and was inspired...","I was looking for a QWERTY Ouija Board as a joke on how to contact those from the modern age of PCs in the afterlife and found this: https://i.imgur.com/ELV2N05.jpg Posted by a misspenart on twitter. Thought it was funny and had a Weeb in my Destiny 2 clan I could share it with. This person can make their voice go high pitched, and sound like an anime child/girl. His two quotables are, ""hewwo?"" and ""I have a kniwfe."" all in this joyful, creepy voice. So, my concept? A semi-humorous horror game, where you try to use said ""Weabie Board"" to summon the spirit of your waifu, but it goes wrong. Suddenly you're being pursued by a cuddle pillow crawling like a worm trying to smother you. You have to get a weapon! You grab a knife and 'gut' the pillow, but the pillow isn't filled with normal stuffing anymore. It's bone, blood, and muscle. Your waifu peels back the soaked pillow cover like a butterfly escaping its cocoon. Your zombie waifu pursues you through your apartment complex, crawling on walls, walking on ceilings, slithering through the ventilation system, ALL THE HORROR TROPES. I like the idea of being pursued by a five-foot-nothing anime girl with pink hair (all waifus have pink hair) and murderous intent, all while saying disturbing things in a cutesy voice. (I will try to get recordings of my clanmate saving those phrases.)",1571126404
dky2u6,Orienteering in FPS,"This is not an idea for a specific game per se, but more a game mechanic to incorporate into open world first person shooters. Some already have it to a point but I think the potential is still hugely under-utilised. The idea is to have an option to not see a player marker on the map. The player can see landmarks on the map and around him/her. The player can deduce where they are by looking at the compass and at the aforementioned landmarks. This would require the dev to make some minimal effort to ensure most spots on the map and in the world have features (eg forest, town, hill, tower etc) that let you navigate. You could also have some missions where you do not have a map but get instructions on how to get to a destination. Of course there is no reason why this couldn’t be an optional game feature, the player could still select to have the player marker if they want to. The best games where I have seen this mechanic were “Operation Flashpoint”, where you sometimes had to run up a hill to see where you are or take a look at the name of a nearby town on the road sign, and “Miasmata”, where you actually triangulated your position using tools provided by the game.",1571650921
dcmfxj,"Why hasn't anyone made a co-op fantasy RPG in the style of Destiny, Anthem, The Division, etc?","There are a lot of fantasy MMORPGs but they all have that terrible MMO combat, I want a game where missions and progression is similar to the games in the post title but with the combat, visuals and setting of something like Dauntless. There is an old game called Lord of the Rings: War in the North that was close to what I want but it was very simple and was lacking in replayability so people stopped playing it. There is a lot of potential here that's not being utilized.",1570079960
dnvkcf,A game that’s only half about coding,"Let’s say your character can run jump crouch and slide and has some basic attacks. But then you also have three slots for special attacks, but the thing is, you don’t get them by leveling up or completing quests. What you get by doing that are blocks of code (either written code in an easy to understand language or visual scripting like). You can then use these blocks of code for either creating one ultra powerful attack or 2 or 3 less powerful attacks. But you have to be conscious about what you are doing since doing something wrong could result in you hurting yourself in some way",1572192969
dn5cu4,A Paintball Maze game,"I had an idea a couple of weeks ago to make a game where you're in a randomly generated maze and everything is white. The only way you can navigate the maze is by using sound(like when you bump into a wall) and a paintball gun to shoot the wall and see where things are. You could have a limited ammount of ammo so you couldn't just spam the wall with paint, you'd have to be resourceful. You could also add in a 1v1 where you are racing another person through the same maze and you both have different colores of paint. Thoughts?",1572044471
dfxqzd,Can someone please make a Dwarf RPG?,"I'm totally new to this sub (joined seconds ago) so if this post is against any community rules (which I couldn't find) please delete. I *love* Dwarves more than any fantasy race in any fantasy universe. They are the perfect culmination of everything I love: manliness, beards, strength, craftsmanship, overcoming adversity (height), heavy drinkers, food lovers, ax / hammer wielders, general badasses . . . My greatest desire is for a game developer to create a deeply immersive third-person / first-person Dwarf-based RPG where you start off in a Dwarf kingdom within a mountain, craft weapons and armor, own a home where you can cook food for health and prepare to go out into the world to complete quests, wage wars on Elves and Orcs (depending on what BS Elves have done to Dwarves), and be a generally amazing strong, ax wielding badass. I imagine this being like an TES game or something along those lines. Rich lore, lots of amazing Scottish voice-acting, fantastic animation and graphics, stunning surroundings and scenery, lots of humor . . . frick, I can see it all now . . . maybe I should just write this game myself! Too bad I have 0 experience, 0 budget, and 0 time. . . . If any of you want to tackle this project with me, DM and I'd be happy to be the inspiration behind this potential masterpiece!",1570712806
dpomr9,Ghost Stealth rogue lite,"You play as a ghost. Goal - Your job is to haunt home owners until they decide to leave / sell the home. Bosses - Ghost hunters trying to make contact with you. Game play - Move objects , set traps , make noises. Sort if like a stealth Rogue lite &amp;#x200B; This could be a 2d Puzzle game but I also feel like this would work really well in VR.",1572533540
dgmd6k,[Intermediate] Just a simple great lakes freighter simulator,"I don't know why but I just really want to ship ore from Superior, WI to Cleveland through rough seas. As long as I don't end up like the Edmund Fitzgerald.",1570833040
dhaovk,A shooter game where you dont side with country.,"I just feel like there's too many call of duty like games that just side with this country and that country. Maybe this could be a game where bad=bad and good=good. It can be where both sides express their ideas and both have their wrong and right causes to do something. The story can be where a group (could be military) Finds out that their country is going attack this country. They could kind of go rouge and collect information and sabatodge both sides and at the end choose who to finally side with. Maybe 4 endings -sides with group a -sides with group b -they fail -find an agreement with both sides ---------------------------------------------------------- Yes i know my idea is kinda shallow, it is my first time here. Please be free to criticize my idea and ask questions.",1570973887
dp1ap1,Invasion USA,Invasion USA is an Open world action RPG where you play the Role of a former Green Beret named Benjamin Logan who must try to assemble an effective resistance against the occupation of the USSR It’s open world 3rd person view as well as first person view. You must try to recruit and train local NPCs but you must careful as you must balance the local morale with your tactics and how you approach the resistance you can go with brutal attacks but expect the same in return perhaps you do it quietly gathering intel and doing recon for the Army’s planned push into Washington but the more effective you become the harder the game gets Takes place in Washington perhaps Tacoma,1572406133
doqfeg,Superhot-like platformer,"When you stop moving, everything around (enemies, moving platforms, projectiles) moves very slowly. You have an energy bar that gets consumed at a certain rate per second when you remain stationary, when you move it recharges but more slowly than when you are stationary, when you are hit it gets reduced, when you hit an enemy, it recharges. When it reaches zero, you cannot use your gun and you cannot make the game play in slowmo for a couple of seconds (even if you regain energy). You can enter slowmo when grounded and also when you jump from a platform and are airborne. You have a couple of weapons to choose from: regular gun, a powerful type of gun that deals more damage and has a very strong recoil that allows you to jump up or dash when shooting down towards the ground, a grappling hook. Each weapon deals different kind of damage and consumes different amount of energy. So the idea is that you need to keep a balance between moving and remaining stationary and making proper use of the energy bar.",1572358555
dlet87,Battle Royale but with a sneak win option,"I was thinking of this for Apex Legends but I doubt that forum would be civil about hearing it. The idea is that alongside the regular winner system you have a sneak win. Sneak wins aren't recorded as actual wins but they have their own stat to record them. Basically they are about statistics earned by playing but not necessarily winning. By playing you gain skill in sneak wins and the more things you do in a match the more of a bonus you get. Also each time you fail to win you get a bonus that increases and is kept from match to match. At the end the system just rolls each players total bonuses and the winner ends up in the background of the win screen (the match winners having the foreground), having gained a sneak win. Either A: You would get a notification of having won and can bring up the win screen at your leasure or B: You have to wait until the end of the match (or C: Doing B gives you a bigger bonus towards a sneak win) Basically I like the idea of battle royales, but they suffer from a cycle where players become ultra good, which drives out more casual players and the game just gets harder and harder to earn a win - so you feel like you're going backwards in terms of progress and it's not fun. This idea would allow forward progress of a kind and something to look forward to having a chance at when you play.",1571731857
dcrouv,Some kind of labyrinth exploration,"What kind of game would you set in a labyrinth, looking something like this (not my work): https://marian42.itch.io/wfc",1570113064
dj72qc,What can you do in first person single player game?,"1) Play with physics(half life 2 has already played with everything possible) 2) Shoot enemies, very original idea 3) Hit enemies with a sword with half assed skyrim combat. 4) Gather resources, click E on items, chop down trees and spend most of the time in your inventory. 5) Put down turrets and build/destroy walls, set traps. Sounds good, but in practise does not fit well. Are there more options?",1571322127
dmhcm2,Giants vs. castles,"My game idea is about giants at war with humans. The humans goal is to build defensive structures (castles, towers...) and defeat the giants. The giants goal is to demolish these structures. The game revolves around a ragdoll-engine, and at the game's core, the fun is in experiencing absolutely massive structures or giants collapsing. The humans: The game encourages the humans to build very tall structures, several kilometers if possible. Building should be rather quickly done. Their defense against giants can be massive catapults, traps to make them loose balance, walls, or trying to climb onto them with explosives. The giants: The giants are made of different earth-elements and can break apart. They range is size between as large as a human to several kilometers tall (or as tall as possible). The player can choose which element to make it of, which has different pros and cons (and maybe magical powers), or combine several. It takes time to grow large. A lot of the gameplay for a large giant revolves around trying to keep balance. You can design the giant freely with different pros and cons: longer legs can give more mobility but makes a fall riskier, etc. You can also design the appearance as you'd like. If the game is online or single player I'm not sure of, but I'd prefer online. How I imagine gameplay: : ) The humans have worked hard to prepare their fortress, using ideas from what they've learned to make it as strong and deadly as possible, while also being as tall as possible to see long distances. A few towers stand several kilometers tall, with massive catapults inside them. Small or medium-sized giants aren't a big threat anymore, except a few extra dangerous types, made of rare elements such as lava. They have however heard warnings of a giant who's grown absolutely enormous and that he's on his way to them. It doesn't take long before they feel the earth shake, by giant footsteps in the distance. He appears behind a mountain, several kilometers tall, walking slowly. They fire their catapults and a large rock manages to break of an arm. The giant picks it up and throws it back however, hitting one of their large towers, which slowly begans to fall with a massive cascade of rocks. The humans inside the tower tries to outrun the collapse, running through massive corridors as they fall apart right behind them, the tower falling rather slowly due to its massive size. The giant slams a wall, spraying rocks as large as houses all over their fortress, and the humans desperately tries to avoid being hit. A catapult manages to hit the giants leg, which causes him to collapse in a massive impact, taking many humans with him. He is still alive though, and some humans manages to climb on to him to plant explosives. He gets up and notices them and tries to scrape them off. Several of them falls down, but one manages to climb into a crevice on his neck and place the explosives. The humans jumps off using parachures, and the giant's head explodes, spraying massive rocks once again all over the fortress. The giants consciousness is transferred to some smaller parts of him, from which he tries to build a new useable body, taking parts of a building into it. The humans act quickly and eventually destroy him with handheld weapons.",1571928046
dku641,RPG party members ideas here,"I have an folder in RPG maker MV and it's ""main"" thing is that it has lot of party members. Right now the game has 22 party members, some planed to be good, bad, over and under powered. And i just wanted to know if you could't come up with a party member for the game. Although the game has a 99.9% chance of not coming out, why not have some fun? comment an idea for a party member. Also the character could be **anything**, for instance the game has a ram and anthropomorphic tank right now.",1571626398
dmzp7b,American Mafia game set in 1950s-1970s,"Before i say anything i just wanna point out the obvious. Yes I have played Mafia I-III. One of my most favorite games of all time (well III was a bit weaker but had a great story trailer and story overall) But i have a kinda different picture in my head than just ""go there, kill and then come back"". In my head i have a similar story like Mafia II but one of my one. Firstly. It would an open world game, where you could fully explore America in that golden age. You could admire calls, go to movie theaters, visit Hollywood and go across america to L.A, New York and many other places. Across your life story you would meet many characters. Some friendly some not. And maybe there would be some celebrity cameos. There would a huge variety of clothing but as years would move on, clothes on others would change..considering trends. You could use many vehicles like airplane, cars, trains and motocycles. You would be ofcourse in your Mafia game all story and at the near end (1969) would be a ""Woodstock"" mission. Story would be ""movie-like""",1572020127
dnfv8r,Fallout New Vegas- Stardew Valley mod,Basically take Fallout style mutant plants and let's the player farm. Change the quest up to make them more farm themed and stardew wholesome. I think there's alot of low effort humor you could get from adding fallout raiders to the overwhelming positive vibe that Stardew Valley had.,1572106230
dliu11,Core Diagram's Space Strategy.,"The following is a brief description of a Space Strategy RPG that I had. Your feedback is welcome. Please view accompanying Jpeg image to better understand the mechanics. &amp;#x200B; The Base and it's structures: &amp;#x200B; The base is represented on a map of hexagons placed side by side and on each of the hexagon's nodes. The resulting imaginary structure will form numerous cuboids or numerous traingles where each hexagon contains 6 triangles. However base structures can not over-lap. Base structures are made up of one or more hexagonal structures. &amp;#x200B; Smallest structure is a pylon. Pylon occupies a single triangle which is rotatable to six positions. Pylons can be connected to each other via it's three sides or three nodes. So a single Pylon can have 6 extensions. &amp;#x200B; Pylons that are connected, form a barrier. The damage is shared equally depending on the number of pylons that are connected in a straight line. This straight line can be diagonal or side by side and can connect node to side to node etc. Pylons extend by one unit range coverage on each of the three sides or nodes when levelling up once along with it's HP/armor and module slots. A minimum of four pylons are required completely to form a barrier around one hexagon. Refer to JPEG image to see direction of damage mitigation. Same colours around the hexagon shares damage. &amp;#x200B; Power distribution: &amp;#x200B; 	Each base structure including pylons must have atleast one connection of either a node or a side to the Starbase. The Starbase provides power to itself as well as the entire Base and the Base Structures. The power generated in the Starbase is via a Ship Module called as a ""Power Reactor""(discussed further on). During combat if any structure that is connected to the power line is destroyed, the other power dependent structures become deactivated. Pylons lose their barrier but still function as a static obstruction. Shield Generators lose the shields. Resource extractors and ammunition fabricators stop producing, turrets are deactivated, drone bays switch off etc. Pylons also connect power-supply over non-obstructed distances via their barriers. Power required by each base structure is fixed unless modified by modules. Contains slots for modules. An interesting note is that power connections have no specialized structure. They can only be shared via connected base structures. &amp;#x200B; Base Ammunition supply: 	Base Ammo fabricator is L shaped, rotatable to six positions. Only turrets that require ammunitions need it. The fabricator must be placed at the end of an L shaped connection consisting of 5 triangles. Either a side or a node must be in contact with the turret or the required structure. Contains slots for modules. Requires power. Actively consumes defender's resources every 30 secs. &amp;#x200B; Base Shield Generators: 	Consists of three hexagons. Has a circular radius of effect. Provides shield that mitigates damage upto a threshold value. Once that value is reached, all shield is depleted for duration of cool down. After cool down, shield is instantly fully recharged. Contains slots for modules. Requires power. &amp;#x200B; Chronal Compactor: 	Consists of two adjacent triangles forming a parallelogram. Has a forward V facing area of effect. Rotatable to 6 positions. Can be adjusted to have more range at the cost of less slowing effect or less range with more slowing effect. A total of 4 Chronal Compactors per base. Area of effect can be stacked four times by 4 Compactors. Contains slots for modules. Requires Power. &amp;#x200B; Cloaking Towers: 	Consists of a single triangle rotatable to 6 positions. A total of 8 Cloaking Towers. Each Cloaking Tower must be connected to any base structure either through a node or a side. Each tower can cloak 6 connected structures. Incase of multiple connections, player can select which structures to cloak. A single base structure can be cloaked by 8 Cloaking Towers wherein all 8 Towers must be destroyed to uncloak the base structure. Cloaking Towers have the least durability. Has no slots for modules. If a turret is cloaked, the trajectory of the weapons won't be hidden. Requires Power. Cloaked structures can not be targetted by any weapon except drones. &amp;#x200B; Warp Portals: 	Consists of 4 hexagons. Total of two Warp Portals. Each can be placed with a minimum distance of 4 hexagons from the Command Center or other Warp Portal. Requires Power. Defensive Fleet auto-emerges from the portal nearest to enemy at a default rate of 1 ship per 10 secs. Has a circular radius of influence. Timer will only activate if enemy ships are within range. Defensive fleet count is the defender's fleet + Alliance Fleet. Require power. Has slots for modules. &amp;#x200B; Missile Jammers: 	Consists of 1 hexagon. Total of two Jammers. Circular radius of influence. Requires power. Has slots for modules. Requires power. &amp;#x200B; Med-Bay: 	Consists of 2 hexagons that are placed node to node. Rotatable to 2 positions. Plus sign. Total of one Med-Bay. Structures that are connected to the Med-Bay via node or sides regenerate durability over time. Has slots for modules. Requires power. &amp;#x200B; Asteroid Field: 	One asteroid field in the shape of a three sided plateau. Rotatable to 4 positions. The field contains an initial fixed quantity (Quantity increases by level) of triangular asteroids which can be manually placed in the field. Each asteroid has very HP, and is initially static. Contains slots for modules. Modules include ""randomized thrusters"", ""manual thrusters"", ""mines"", ""armor"" and ""asteroid extractor"". If manual thrusters are used (when online), defender can manually guide the asteroids. Asteroid extractor produces limited resources which can only be extracted manually after base has been attacked. Collision with asteroid damages ships. Requires power. &amp;#x200B; Hangar: 	Consists of 4 hexagons. One Hangar. Requires power. Repairs one ship every 30 seconds via drones during battle. Actively consumes defender's resources per healing session. Has slots for modules. Requires power. If power or resources are inadequate, it shuts down. A point of interest is that if a highly advanced Alliance ship is being repaired, the resource consumed is correspondingly increased. &amp;#x200B; Starbase: 	Consists of 9 hexagons as seen in the base map. The Starbase itself is modular and can contain a maximum of 8 floors of 288 hexagonal tiles in each floor. Main structure. Determines the level of all other Base structures. Requires power for itself as well as the entire base and all base structures. Has external slots for modules. Modules include: ""Armor"", ""Base repair"", ""Scanner"" and ""EMP"". ""Base repair"" depending on module rarity, automatically repairs entire base after a battle. Higher rarity increases number of times. ""Scanner"" enables viewing the base coordinates of attacking fleet + the composition of the attacking fleet. ""EMP"" module disables all energy weapons used by attacking ships for 30 secs. It has an area of activation. Friendly fire possible. All affected base structures cease to function for 30 secs. If defender is offline, EMP automatically triggers on first ship within range. If defender is online, EMP can be manually triggered. Can only be used once per battle. &amp;#x200B; Galaxis Trading Center: 	Consists of 3 hexagons. One Trading Center. Allows two-way traffic between friendly or alliance bases. X resource can be sent to ally which inturn brings-in Y and Z resource. Y and Z resource is not deducted from ally. Whereas, X resource is deducted from player and added to ally's base storage. Requires power. Levelling this structure increases number of simultaneous trade routes. Trade vessels are visible on Galaxy/System Map and can be traced, followed and intercepted by other players. Contains slots for modules. Modules include: ""hyperdrive"", ""armor"", ""Stealth"", ""AI Trader"" and ""Black Market"". ""Hyperdrive"" increases speed of trade. ""Stealth"" provides 15 seconds cloaking to trade vessel every 30 seconds. When cloaked, vessel can not be targetted. ""AI Trader"" automatically sells chosen resource when it reaches a cap for other resources. Additionally, if storage depot is completely full, the ""AI Trader"" directly converts excess resources into Experience. ""Black Market"" allows buying of various base and ship modules. The time taken for a trade route is primarily dependent on the distance between player's base and ally's base. &amp;#x200B; Research &amp; Development Facility: 	Consists of 6 hexagons. One R&amp;D Facility. Economy, Military, Exploration, Ship Systems, Economy: Local taxation, Resource production, Storage, Artifacts. Military: Attack, Defence, Spying. Exploration: Energy, Time, Cost, Artifacts. Ship Systems: Various Ship modules used in Ship Designing are either unlocked or upgraded. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; Ship Designing: &amp;#x200B; 	Tiles: 	Each ship/starbase is made up of a hexagonal grid. A grid can be made out of 5 types of tiles. External(Black), Internal(White), 	Thruster(Blue), Power(red) and Structure(yellow). 	A default ship made via the Space Port contains a vanila design of pre-set modules. This default design can be edited to change 	ship's shape and position of all available existing tiles.  Player can buy new tiles which are added to a ""Tile Pool"". Choices available are: 1. Consume scraps to add a Black colored tile; 	2. Consume resources to add a White colored tile; 3. Consume ""Bound"" currency(currency that can be earned) to add a Blue colored 	tile; 4. Consume ""UnBound"" currency(currency that must be bought) to add a Red colored tile. 5. Structure tiles are unlocked by 	upgrading the Control Room and require resources. 	All available tiles from the Tile Pool can be used to design any ship or starbase into any shape as long as there is no unconnected tile and the total number of tiles does not exceed the allowed cap for each Class(mentioned further on). &amp;#x200B; 	Fleet: 	A fleet consists of six ships of any Class. One of the ships must be selected as the main ""Flagship"". The Flagship and the 	Starbase must contain Cargo-Bay/Bays. Other Ships in the Fleet may contain Cargo Bays.  Structure tile is discussed under ship module ""structure"" and depends on 	the Control Room level and does not require research.  The over-all common shape of the ship grid is determined by the player. The shape is editable but repeats the same chosen pattern 	for all the floors. 	Depending on the ship Class, the number of floors differs. 	Adding tiles does not require time. Instantaneous building.  Depending on ship class, there is a minimum number of Reactors that must be installed. 	Each floor must have either atleast one single entry tile for a conduit(position dependent on tile/s in previous floor) or atleast 	one reactor. From the entry-point/s, conduits supply power. A ship can be designed with multiple entry-points for conduits. 	If a ship contains 56 hexagonal tiles in one floor, all the other floors must contain same number of tiles and in the same shape. 	Entire Ship or Starbase must contain atleast one Control Room.  &amp;#x200B; 	Power Reactors and Conduits(Requires Red Tile): 	Depending on reactor energy output, the damage to surrounding tiles when destroyed is calculated by 1/10th of the output as the initial damage. Adjacent tiles suffer 100% damage, one 	tile away suffer 80% damage, then 60%, then 40%, then 20%. Explosion damage can only be stopped by armor or structure or module. 	First adjacent tile is damaged, then 80% of remaining damage\[80/100\*(Module health-explosion Damage)\]. If result is 0 or negative, 	damage does not propagate. So a destroyed Reactor explodes to a range of 5 tiles if unobstructed. 	If Reactor is destroyed, all weapons, shield, ammo-fabricators, factories in that floor become non-functional for battle duration. 	If supplementary Reactors are present and functional, floor draws power from them.  Reactor does not supply power. It only generates it. Conduit supplies power. One end of conduit must be connected to a Reactor. 	The other end/s is connected to the module that power is supplied to. Conduit supplies power to all adjacent tiles. Conduit is the only module that is impervious to Reactor Explosion. All other modules can be damaged by reactor explosion. However, the 	explosion will propagate across a tile that contains a conduit with 80% explosion damage as start and 3 more range. 	Each floor must have atleast one connecting conduit supplying or drawing power from the preceding or proceeding floor. Destruction 	of functioning conduit makes all the power-starved modules non-functional. &amp;#x200B; 	If floor contains no active energy supply or if all modules are destroyed or inactive, further damage to floor will affect the Ship Hull points upto a value of the total ship hull points divided by the number of floors. This damage is countered by repair 	drones and shield.  Repair drones(requires White tile): repairs ship hull points. Uprgadeable. &amp;#x200B; 	Scanner(requires Black Tile): Allows viewing the type of modules in a target ship/base. Upgradeable. Each level will allow viewing one type of module. &amp;#x200B; 	Control Room(Requires White Tile): Allows manual combat in pvp &amp; pve. Controls all functions. Provides map detection of ships, ship hull repair outside combat, total number of Structure Slots and number of available Cargo Bays.  Maximum Control room level: 1944(for Alliance Starbase); 14(for Fighter Class). \[40% of total available slots\] &amp;#x200B; 	Engine Room(Requires White Tile): 2 sizes. Provides passive bonus to adjacent thrusters. Research dependent. &amp;#x200B; 	Thrusters(Requires Blue Tile): Available in multiple types and sizes. Provides sub-light speed, light speed or both with either forward or side thrust  or both. Research dependent. Can be placed anywhere including middle of ship Grid but the module requires an extra  one hexagon empty tile in the direction of the blast. Larger Thursters require more forward free space. &amp;#x200B; 	Shield Generators(Requires White or Black Tile): Multiple types depending on shape of shield and coverage. Eg, N, S, E, W shielding 50 units away in partial curves, Low intensity low range full shield, N shielding 50 units away in semi circle, etc. Research dependent. &amp;#x200B; 	Shield Capacitors(Requires White Tile): Three types. Module that provides extra shield points or shield recovery rate or modulation to a single shield.  Must be placed adjacent to a shield generator. Upgradeable and research dependent.  ""Modulator"" allows resisting more damage from two out of three weapon types at decreased shield points or  shield recovery rate but does not resist the third weapon type.  Ammo-fabricators(Requires White or Black Tile):  Module if used, must be placed adjacent to a projectile accelerator or a guided weapon. Generates ammo for  projectile accelerators or guided weaponry. &amp;#x200B; 	Ammo-storage(Requires White or Black Tile): Stores ammo for guided or projectile accelerators. Can be placed anywhere. &amp;#x200B; 	Power storage(Requires White or Black Tile): Stores energy for module or weapon use. Can be placed anywhere. &amp;#x200B; 	Crew Cabins(Requires White Tile): Provides crews that repair damaged ship modules one tile away. Multiple Crew Cabin types that specialize in repairing specific modules. Eg, a rectangular Shield Crew Cabin will repair an occupied rectangular area of the shield generator one tile away. If the area of influence contains two shield generators, the Cabin will repair both the generators. There are no visible Crews but damage to Crew Cabin or the repairing module will injure or kill Crew members. Crews are highlighted as static mini-icons with HP on applied module.  Upgradeable and Research dependent. Upgrading Cabins either changes the size and shape of influence or increases the number of crew members. Research provides extra adjacent module buffs and more crew HP.  Crew Med Bay(Requires White Tile): Heals injured crew members during combat. When a crew is at or below 40% HP, it automatically leaves the current job and spawns at the nearest Crew Med Bay and occupies a healing slot. Once it's HP is full, it spawns at it's  designated job module. If current job module is occupied, it spawns at it's Cabin and waits for the job opening.  This module is upgradeable and researchable. Upgrading it increases the number of healing slots while research  provides faster recovery and temporary buffs to crew. &amp;#x200B; 	A.I. enabled Targetting Module(Requires White or Black Tile):  Small module that must be in contact with a single weapon. It has 2 functions: 1. Weapon specific A.I. commands;  2. Predicts the path of a moving target and increases accuracy by firing weapon sooner at a predicted location.  A.I. commands include: Order of targetting enemy modules; Specifying the number of salvos under certain  conditions like when facing single enemy fighter wthin weapon arc or multiple incoming bogeys, or stop firing  when enemy is further away from a set range, or stop firing to conserve energy for main guns or shields when current available ship energy is below a certain percentage. Each Targetting Module can only manage a single  weapon. Upgradeable and researchable. &amp;#x200B; 	Colony Bay(Requires Black Tile):  Module required for colonizing habitable planets or invading occupied planets. Upgradeable. Requires a specific number of crew members to colonize or invade a planet. Number depends on planet Type and Defense Score. Also stores resources for colonization. Upgradeable and researchable.  Armor: Two types in various sizes and sub-types.  External Armor(Requires Black Tile): Energy Armor, Explosion Armor, Kinetic Armor. Energy Armor: HP + 30% resistant to energy weapons. Explosion Armor: HP + 30% resistant to explosive weaponry. Kinetic Armor: HP + 30% resistant to kinetic projectiles. Must be placed atleast one tile away from all ship modules except weapons(can be placed adjacent to weapons) and  Structure Slotted Modules. &amp;#x200B;  Internal Armor(Requires White Tile): Has only HP. Can only be placed adjacent to reactors and Control room.  All armor can be upgraded.  Solar Panel Fabricator(Requires Black Tile): Special module that fabricates solar panels which are intermittently ejected outside the ship. These panels provide extra energy to ship reactors. They can not be targetted but can be deactivated if the fabricator is destroyed. They also stop working if there are no functional reactors. Solar Panel Fabricators must be in contact with the outer edge of the grid. &amp;#x200B;  Structure(All Structure selected tiles are yellow): This is the only type of module that provides total ship Hull Points and is not visually depicted as a separate module.  While designing a ship, the level of the Control Room determines how many structure slots a ship can have. Player selects  the modules which is recognized as a ""Structure"". Chosen structure slots must be in contact with atleast two outer tiles  of the ship's grid to provide a benefit and to be active. Structure slots that are in contact with each other provide a constant damage mitigation only to the structure tiles. Two connected structures give 1% damage mitigation to the connected tiles.  Three structures give 2% etc. If three disconnected pairs of structure tiles are present in a floor, they will give 2%  damage mitigation to each structure tile and it's accompanying module. If all 6 structure tiles are connected, they will  give 5% damage mitigation etc.  Additionally, upgrading each structure slot increases the total ship hull points and not the damage mitigation value.  Each floor can not have more than 50% of the total number of tiles as ""structure"".  Recommended Structure Slots per Control Room level: 2 slots per control room level.  Player is not required to install all Structure slots per Control Room level.  Structure slots also increase the weight of a module by 30%.  Docking Module(Requires White Tile):  Module that manages different sets of docking clamps. Upgrading module increases the number of available Clamps. While  research increases the number of Sets of Clamps.  Eg, Lvl 1 Docking System: 2 Clamps; Lvl 2 Docking System: 4 Clamps. etc. &amp;#x200B;  1st tier Docking System Research: Set Blue Clamps unlocked.  2nd tier Docking System research: Set Red Clamps unlocked.  3rd tier Docking System Research: Set Green Clamps unlocked. etc. &amp;#x200B;  Clamps are attached at the interface of two connected ship tiles. They are Graphically depicted as highlighted ""equal""  signs at the line interface between two tiles. The Docking System provides a HotKey for quick separation of segments during combat. ""Release Set Blue Clamps - Unlocks all Blue Clamps""  ""Release Set Red Clamps - Unlocks all Red Clamps"" etc. Unlocking Clamps is near instantaneous. &amp;#x200B;  The Docking System also allows Docking of separated segments provided the segments have functional thrusters. Damage to  the tiles that contain Docking Clamps do not affect the Docking or Separation.  HotKeys: ""Dock Set Blue Clamps"" - Segments that contain Blue Clamps dock with each other.  ""Dock Set Red Clamps"" - Segments that contain Red Clamps dock with each other. etc. &amp;#x200B;  Docking requires time. Each Clamp requires 2 secs to dock excluding the speed of the separated segments during which, the  docking segments can not be manually moved. Weapons also stop firing. Only Shields and Power are functional during Docking. After docking there is a hard reset of ship systems where ship modules and their pool is combined. This  includes Power, Ammo, Crew, Scanning range, Fuel, Colony Supplies, etc. This hard-reset of ship systems takes 10 secs.  &amp;#x200B; 	Cargo Bays(Requires White Tile):  Atleast one cargo bay must be installed in the Flagship and the Starbase. Control Room level determines how  many Cargo Bays are allowed. A fixed 30% of resources can be looted regardless of how many Cargo Bays are installed.  Hence, if more number of Cargo Bays are installed, the harder it is for the attacker to loot resources. It Stores Minerals, Ores, Crystal, Food &amp; Fuel that are collected from Planets. Resources that are not collected from planets decrease hourly depending on Planet's Outpost level. Each resource for each Cargo Bay has a cap that can be individually upgraded.  Weapons(All Weapons require Black Tile):  Weapon modules do not need to be unobstructed. They have a type specific firing arc.  4 types of weapons: Energy Weapons, Explosive Weapons, Kinetic Weapons &amp; WOMD (Weapons Of Mass Destruction). &amp;#x200B;  Energy Weapons: i. Pulse; ii. Beam; iii. Bomb. &amp;#x200B;  Explosive Weapons: i. Guided; ii. Inertial. &amp;#x200B;  Kinetic Weapons: i. Burst; ii. Boost. &amp;#x200B;  Weapons Of Mass Destruction: Only usable in Strategic Map. Used for neutralizing or suppressing enemy colonies. &amp;#x200B;  All Energy weapons require energy per shot as well as energy for functioning.  All Explosive and Kinetic Weapons require Ammo per shot and energy for functioning.  All WOMD require Energy for functioning, resources to build each single shot and long duration to build each weapon  regardless of type and effect.  WOMD may include: Biological Weapons, Nuclear Weapons, Nano-weapons. &amp;#x200B;  Biological Weapons: Kills Civilians as well as Defending Ground Troops but does not affect ground structures. Causes the planet to become immune to invasion for 12 hrs. Subsequent hits increase the duration. Requires 10 minutes to construct.  Nuclear Weapons: Destroys Ground Structures, Civilian Population as well as Ground troops. Decreases the size of the planet by two per nuclear hit for 24 hrs. Subsequent hits increases the duration. Requires 20 mins to construct.  Nano-Weapons: Destroys Ground Structures, Civilian Population and Ground Troops. Decreases the technology level of the planet for 3 days, i.e per hit decreases the level of Experimental Lab and Space Port by one each. Subsequent hits increases the duration. Requires 30 mins to construct. &amp;#x200B; 	Classes and their requirements for ship-building: &amp;#x200B; 	Fighter Class: 1 Floor. Fully Upgraded 36 tiles. Atleast 1 reactor. 	Heavy Fighter Class: 2 Floors. Fully upgraded each floor 72 tiles. Atleast 2 reactors. Reactors on Any floor. 	Corvette Class: 3 Floors. Fully upgraded each floor 108 tiles. Atleast 3 reactors. Any floor. 	Cruiser Class: 4 floors. Fully upgraded each floor 144 tiles. Atleast 4 reactors. Any floor. 	Battleship Class: 5 floors. Fully upgraded each floor 180 tiles. Atleast 5 reactors. Any floor. 	Dreadnought Class: 6 floors. Fully upgraded each floor 216 tiles. Atleast 6 reactors. Any floor. 	Capital Ship Class: 7 floors. Fully upgraded each floor 252 tiles. Atleast 7 reactors. Any floor. 	Starbase: 8 floors. Fully upgraded each floor 288 tiles. Atleast 8 reactors. Any floor. 	Alliance Starbase: Initial 10 floors. Maximum: 30 floors. Fully upgraded each floor 324 tiles. Atleast 10 reactors, maximum 30 reactors. Any floor. &amp;#x200B; Planets &amp; other Astral bodies: 	Planets:  Planets are categorised &amp; named according to their size, richness and type of resource.  Sizes: Extremely Tiny(3 slots)&lt;&lt;Tiny(6 slots)&lt;&lt;Small(9 slots)&lt;&lt;Medium(12 slots)&lt;&lt;Large(15 slots) &lt;&lt;Very Large(18 slots)&lt;&lt;Extremely Large(21 slots)&lt;&lt;Giant(24 slots)&lt;&lt;Super Giant(27 slots) &lt;&lt;Colossal(30 slots)&lt;&lt;Mega-Colossal(33 slots). &amp;#x200B;  Richness: Sparse(0.5)&lt;&lt;Sporadic(0.75)&lt;&lt;Average(1)&lt;&lt;Abundant(1.25)&lt;&lt;Very Abundant(1.5)&lt;&lt;Extremely Abundant(1.75) &lt;&lt;Surplus(2)&lt;&lt;Luxuriant(2.25)&lt;&lt;Very Luxuriant(2.5)&lt;&lt;Extremely Luxuriant(2.75) &lt;&lt;Mega Luxuriant(3)&lt;&lt;2xMega Luxuriant(6)&lt;&lt;3xMega Luxuriant(9)&lt;&lt;4xMega Luxuriant(12) &lt;&lt;5xMega Luxuriant(15)&lt;&lt;... upto 10xMega Luxuriant(30) &amp;#x200B;  Type Of Resource: Aquatic; Icy; Rocky; Desert; Crystal; Volcanic; Terrestrial; &amp;#x200B;  Planet Structures:  All Planetary Structures are one tile in size. Player can choose which structures to build and is also dependent  on the type of planet. &amp;#x200B;  Outpost: Determines level of other buildings.  Artificial Biosphere: provides breathable air, gravity and pressure.  Mineral Extractor: Extracts Minerals and Ores. Upgrading increases extraction rate.  Crystal Extractor: Extracts Crystals. Upgrading increases extraction rate.  Metal Refinery: Refines ores into metals. Upgrading increases extraction rate.  Biorefinery: Produces fuel from bio-mass. Upgrading increases refining rate.  Husbandry &amp; Fishery Centre: Provides food. Upgrading increases production rate.  Barracks: Provides Ground Troops.  Robotics Lab: Provides augmented Ground Troops.  Experimental Lab: Place for research in known and unknown fields.  Cloning Centre: Increases population growth rate.  Police Station: Quells riots. Decreases Happiness.  VR &amp; AR Complex: Increases Happiness.  Designed non-self-governing Colony: Quells riots but decreases population growth rate.  Space Port: Required for Designing and Building Ships and Starbase.  Ground Cannons: Attacks invading ground troops.  Aegis Shield: Provides shield for entire planet. Blocks WOMD. Shield Points regenerate over time. Upgradeable.  Artifacts: Numerous Artifacts providing different planetary bonuses. One Artifact installable starting from medium sized planet and increasing by one per increase in planet size. &amp;#x200B;  Planet Economy:  All produced resources are temporarily stored in the requisite building and must be collected by the player's  Flagship or Starbase. Resources in extractors automatically get deducted hourly as maintenance depending on Planet Outpost level. Resources in Starbase and Flagship do not get deducted. Only the Resources in Starbase or Flagship can be used to upgrade Planet Structures, Ship Modules, buying Ships  and research. &amp;#x200B;  Planet Statistics:  Every planet has a Defense Score and a Technology Level.  Starbase can only be built above a planet if it's Technology Level is reached.  Technology Level is determined by the sum of Experimental Lab research progress and Space Port Level.  Defense Score is determined by the number of ground troops, the total Civilian population, the number of mechs,  the number and level of Ground Cannons, the level of Aegis Shield and the type of Artifacts erected on the planet.  Defense Score determines the maximum level of attacking fleet. &amp;#x200B;  Planetary Attacks &amp; Invasions:  A planet can only be invaded or bombarded if there is no Starbase or Defending Fleet. Bombardment via WOMD is  limited by how fast a WOMD armament is built. Only one type and one single WOMD can be fired at a planet by one  attacking fleet. After firing the WOMD, the attacking fleet must build another WOMD in order to use. The ground  troops can be engaged only after the Aegis Shield is destroyed. The mechanics of ground battle is a fast calculation of invading troops versus the remaining Defense Score of the planet. There is no visual depiction of  ground battles.  Bombarding a planet that has an active Aegis Shield damages the Shield Points, then the HP of the Aegis Shield  and finally the Ground Structures and population. Aegis Shield is immune to Biological WOMD.  Aegis shield can only be damaged by WOMD and not other weapons.  On a successful Invasion, Defender loses the planet but has a choice of inciting ""Riots"" by using resources.  Riots have random effects from increasing build times or build cost or decrease population growth rate or  decreasing productivity of extractors, all of them for a fixed duration. &amp;#x200B; 	Worm-Holes:  A fleet of ships can be sent to a Worm-Hole that houses NPC Fleets of increasing level. Winning provides Ship Module Blue-prints.  Combat mechanics(Ship versus Ship or Starbase):  Attacker clicks on opponent ship then scrolls the floor number. Individual modules can not be manually targetted however 	the order of targetting can be pre-set via the A.I. Targetting Module.  In a floor, damage is from the outer edges of the grid towards inside. The quadrant of the ship facing the weapon arc determines 	the direction of damage. If the weapon damages a starboard side and the defender has not rotated it's ship, the damage starts 	from the edge of the grid and tends to go towards the center of the defender's ship. There is a fixed probability for each weapon 	type to engage an exposed inner ship module. Once a module is damaged, recurrent volleys will target the module until it is destroyed. Then either shift to an adjacent tile or further damage the module behind the destroyed one depending on the weapon 	type and a probability randomizer. The chosen target at outside is random and weapon specific. &amp;#x200B; 	Beams cause least damage but are most accurate. If an outer tile is destroyed, it will again attack at the same point and inside, 	provided the target is within it's field of vision and range and the attacker has not changed the targetted floor. &amp;#x200B; 	Missiles and bombs cause area damage. Slowest trajectory. Moderately tile-accurate. &amp;#x200B; 	Projectile accelerators cause the most damage, has moderate projectile speed. Least tile accurate. &amp;#x200B; 	If floor contains no active energy supply, i.e there is no functioning reactor and no unbroken supply of energy via conduits or 	if all modules are destroyed or inactive, further damage to floor will affect the Ship Hull points upto a value of the total ship hull points divided by the number of floors. Eg, A ship with total Hull Points of 1000 having 4 floors can sustain a maximum of 250 hull points damage per floor, after which the game automatically shifts to another random floor or if the attacker manually 	chooses a floor. This damage is countered by repair drones and shield. &amp;#x200B; 	If all control rooms are destroyed, the ship becomes non-functional and battle is won. When facing multiple opponents, the game 	automatically targets the nearest next ship. 	Destroying all Control Rooms in the Flagship or Starbase will end the battle regardless if other 5 ships are undamaged. &amp;#x200B; 	Resources can only be gained by the attacker if the opponent's Cargo Bay/Bays are destroyed. The maximum lootable resources if Cargo Bay/s are destroyed is 30%.",1571755132
dgllbg,A game loosely based on Dr.Stone the anime.,"You are alone on a large island on an Earth like planet. Due to a failed launch from the space station on the other side of the planet you have crash landed in the ocean. You survive and, with a small life raft, make it to the aforementioned island. Your goal: get back to the base on the other side of the planet. You start in the stone age and work your way up to modern technology. Your only tools are a molecular analyzer which will show the molecular make up of any resource and two books; a ""cookbook"" with the naturally found molecular ingredients and how they are used to make more useful resources and a basic survival guide with info like how to craft tools and make shelter . The cookbook doesn't tell you which molecules are in which natural resource though. You have to figure that out by collecting and using you analyzer and the guide book will only help you early game, teaching you how much of a resource is needed for certain tools. CookBook Ex. Recepie calls for 1 unit of sodium carbonate and 1 unit of silicon dioxide at 1300° k to make glass. Sodium carbonate is found in the ashes of plants near the sea, and silicon dioxide is found in the beach sand. Combining sand and plant ash in a clay pot over a campfire gives you glass! (That's not really accurate but a good example) Survival Guide Ex. Recepie calls for 1 unit of wood, 1 unit of rope (obtained from crafting 1 unit of plant fiber), and 1 unit of stone to make an axe. Wood comes from trees, rope from plants, and stone from... rocks. The inventory ui will display the percentage of major molecular compounds in the collected recourse.It teaches players how to use science to survive. (Not unlike Dr.Stone manga/anime) although no wierd stone people.",1570829313
dcprmk,I need some Ideas/Feedback,"Hello Guys, I am working on a Game. My Idea is that the player is 18yo and his parents told him to find another place to live and rented him a flat and paid the first one or two months. You basically have to earn money to pay the rent and in the future move in a house or own a mansion and maybe even have a business. What I would need from you is ideas of mechanics, jobs, events or such. The core idea is not permanent, any others are welcome. Thanks for your time!",1570103407
dkb8hb,I need help with game idea.,"Hello redditors, I have recently joined GameDev competition in my school and I have no idea what game should I create. The assigment is that I need to create a game where you go from being poor to being rich. Could you sugegst me some ideas? Thanks!",1571526301
dib6pi,"""Second person"" view in a game","https://youtu.be/mC8QoRa8y_Q So the video above talks about what is second person perspective and it's really interesting how that perspective works and it gave me this idea Towards the end of a first person horror game, the player is crawling(or injured walking) backwards looking at the killer whose menacingly chasing them down, except the player is actually controlling the movement of the killer, while they look up at him from the person's perspective. I feel something like that could bring a kind of realistic horror and weight to actions of the killer and really impact the player from the unusual perspective. It would be like the player is forced to hunt down and kill... Well themselves. Of course it wouldn't be the main mechanic of the game, but rather a small linear section toward the end.",1571160327
ddvbzh,Game idea for Sister's birthday based on the theme of hamster or skiing?,"She's 17 yro, likes hamster and skiing. My current idea is a hamster joisting game where you skii off a ramp (she is on the left, the hamster's on the right), meet in the middle in midair, and see who can take each other's head off. Now... I'm hesitant to go with this idea because I don't want to give her nightmares or leave her emotionally scarred, so I'm wondering if you can come up with better ideas.",1570318793
der2g8,Spiritual successor to Doritos Crash Course,"Who 'members these amazing free-to-play Xbox 360 Arcade games? Back in my middle/high school days me and my friends played these so much, almost as much as we played Call of Duty back then (ah, good times). Mainly because they were free-to-play but still, really fun games to compete with your friends in. For those who didn't play it, it was a game with platforming time-trials that was like the TV shows Wipeout and Ninja Warrior. I assume that license deal or whatever with Doritos is expired, and the game's developers Behavior later went on to make Dead by Daylight and some other titles. So, assuming no new entry is coming, I think a dev team with experience in 2.5D platformers should take advantage of this potential goldmine and make a spiritual successor. Here are just some ideas I'm throwing out there: \-Multi-plat (PC, Switch, Playstation, Xbox) with cross-play \-Free to play, with V-Bucks style cosmetics shop (masks, outfits, victory emotes, etc) \-100 player Battle royale mode in some shape or form \-Based on a crazy game show just like Wipeout/NW, but its courses are based on all sorts of random themes. Like the direction DCC2 was going in but take it even further. \-Gets updated every so often with new levels and stuff",1570488024
dljmfj,A farming game in the style of Prison Architect,"I sometimes wonder why this hasn't been done yet. In short, a game that runs in a persistent manner that involves building and running a farm. The player starts with an empty plot of land and some startup money. They build their buildings, paddocks, and such things and then hire workers to work on the farm. Once the farm has been built, the workers will work as directed, but there is also an AI running the workers when there is no direct order for them to follow. The farming process itself is fairly detailed where the paddocks would need to be cleared, weeded, and otherwise prepared for crops or animals, and then make sure the paddocks are irrigated, fertilised, and taken care of. There could be an endless amount of crops or stock options, from normal vegetables, to orchards, to poultry, beef, and lamb farms, horse breeding, flowers, hay/silage farms, or even something like aquaculture or hydroponics with organic variants of all of the prior mentioned. Once the products have been grown and harvested, the products can then be sold to different places, which offer different prices for the crop - all of which offer more favourable prices over time as they expect the regular sales from the farm. There would be a metric where the player could see prices for products over time so they could rejig their farm as required to keep the farm profitable. What do you guys think?",1571758642
dhaof3,Death Skill,"That's the name of the game and the premise behind successfully completing it. It can be applied to any type of game (shooter, rpg, etc). How it works is you go around and kill enemies to lvl up and generally progress like every other game. The twist is that you have a set number of lives that you have to use to complete the game or level but you have to find powerful enemies/bosses to kill you so that you can learn their powerful skill by entering the button sequence, which appeared during the animation of them killing you, upon your resurrection. Once entered correctly you can bind the skill to a single button. If you mess it up you would have wasted your life and either get no skill or a weaker version of the skill depending on how much of the sequence you got correctly. There would also be a way to enhance these skills by completing specific tasks or quests or getting special loot. You would only be able to pass a certain lvl by having a powerful enough skill to kill the boss. Boss mechanic General - shoot or damage boss until life gets to a specific amount Specific - at boss life limit or 'limit release' phase boss gets massive boost to power and player has a set time to beat the boss. At this point the Death Skill can be activated. Depending on skill and level of 'tuning' you will either beat boss or be killed, at which point you can learn a new death skill Final objective is to beat the final boss. (Secret mechanic). Muliplayer co-op - possibly Multiplayer pvp - possibly Let me know what you think. Disclaimer- if anyone knows of a game like this please let me know. If someone makes this game place my name, 'KingK268' as an Easter egg inside the game",1570973811
dnmowx,1 v 1 Realtime Duels Mechanics (Mobile Game),"So I've got the skills to create a real-time 2D mobile game, and I'd like it to be a 1v1 highly skill-based competitive game. I do not have an idea for a dynamic, fast, interesting easy to learn, hard to master combat mechanic though... I have already prototyped a 2D MOBA duels (like League of Legends but only mid lane) only to find out that it wouldn't really work. Comment your ideas below, all ideas highly appreciated :)",1572138653
ddnldn,Emotional fishing idle game like Firewatch,"A game in which you and an npc sit by a lake and quietly fish, slowly uncovering a sad backstory. The caught fish yield points. Get to a set goal of points to progress. You can upgrade your equipment, yielding bigger and/or rarer catches, in order to adjust to the higher point goals. The idea vaguely orients itself on Firewatch and Little Inferno. The fishing mechanics can be somewhat complex and can, in my opinion, break realism in favour of fun. I'm imagining a cartoon 3d style like Firewatch or Breath of the Wild. Achievements are a must! Thanks for reading",1570283990
dkfvum,Psychonauts With Demons and Other Spooky Stuff,"#Overview Basically, you go in and out of various small-ish game worlds that each have their own mechanics or gimmicks that need to be completed in order to reveal the boss of that world that needs to be defeated to unlock more stuff. The character as an arsenal of supernatural abilities and tools at their disposal to assist them to do so. The basic theme is a narrative-driven 3d puzzle platformer with a few hack and slash combat mechanics. #Story The Association is an independent organization dedicated to researching and containing paranormal phenomena, creatures, and threats. They have a plethora of resources at their disposal, but the ones who actively engage threats are the Bounty Hunters. Whereas the Researchers are only there to figure out the best tactics to deal with particular threats and the Task Forces are deployed to secure perimeters and minimize civilian casualties and collateral damage, the Bounty Hunters are permitted to utilize and develop supernatural abilities to directly engage, combat, and contain the threats. You are their best Bounty Hunter because you possess the ability to generate and enter pocket dimensions where you can face the manifestation of a paranormal anomaly head-on in order to weaken it enough for it to be contained effectively and indefinitely. Your latest mission is to investigate a house that was a meeting place for a long-defunct secret society that at one point possessed the resources to summon paranormal entities for their personal gain. You discover that they turned they were able to turn the house into a magnet that gathered some of the worst threats imaginable in one place, and if they were left uncontained they would eventually defeat the forces that bind them to that one spot and wreak havoc on the world.",1571552033
dg5he8,"Crazy Cat Lady, mmo gps territory control","mmo gps territory game Player is the cat lady Based off gps, player explores the world based on google maps traveling with a group of cats limited numbers based on stats of your cat lady As player explores thay find npc enemys such as dogs, kids, racoons, possums, ect your lady never fights only cats but lady chould have abilitys you can equip for use in battles which are turn based you can find or challenge for control of area you will have to assign a cat to protect it and thats the cat other players will fight when thay challenge if territorys are next to each other cats assign to the connecting territorys will fight together At your home that you assign you can train and care for your cats, you can only surf the web at your home and see the market and buy stuff from shops which arrive based on timers based generally on distance the selling player is located from you, and npc shops are all based on high lvl stuff takes longer then low lvl stuff Cats are seperated into classes throu breeds You can breed high lvl cats to produce young lvl 1 cats you can also build a cat shelter where you can adopt cats and earn money You can ""let cats outside"" and thay will wander a good distance just explorering finding goods you can use or sell, other players will encounter wandering cats and can fight them, you will also sometimes see your own cats when out exploring, higher lvl cats travel farther then low lvls You can equip cats with gear (protecting collers, gps cams to communicate with ""let out cats"", bells to draw incoming dam to act as tank) Cats lvl up with exp which increases skills but you can also buy balls of yarn, or scratching post to train certain skills up but thay wear down with training",1570745728
djpa3b,Turn based rpg idea,"I don't know how to make a game. But in my boredom, I like to write some monster idea with their skill for a turn-based rpg game. The concept is simple, it just a turn-based monster battle game but with a deeper strategy in battle. And we can bring 4 monsters to the battle. We have usual stat like HP, Attack, Armor, Magic Resistance. But in this game, there is so called Energy. It's exactly just like Mana and every monsters usually have 150 Energy. Some monster have more Energy because of their passive skill. There are also a faction; Heretic, Realm, and Ancient. It's just like a paper, rock, scissor stuff. So far I already have 30 monsters idea with some deep mechanic of battle so you can counter each other. If u guys wanna see it, I will apply it later",1571413280
dl05kg,I need boss ideas for my plants vs zombies like tower defense game,,1571662623
dozbcg,Wholesome Indoor Plant Game,"I'm wanting to make a small wholesome mobile game that is focused on growing your plants by watering them every day. However, watering isn't exactly a lot of gameplay, so I'm trying to think of other gameplay ideas that is relaxing but takes up a bit of time a day. Relaxing and wholesome is key, and I feel like that's rather uncommon for games in general. Any thoughts?",1572396439
dczq8e,Appalachian Cosmic Horror,"Hello! I had just recently finished drafting out a narrative that I wanted to turn into my first novel attempt, when I realized that I think it would make a wonderful game idea and let me work towards the direction I've always wanted to go with narrative writing. The game would loosely focus around the real events of the Battle of Matewan, a shootout between the strike-busting Baldwin-Felts Agency and a group of miners from West Virginia. However, in this telling of the story, something much larger is at play here. You play Lee Felts, one of the main brothers from the Baldwin-Felts Agency who is still haunted by the terrifying events you helped cause in the Ludlow Massacre. You've been tasked with visiting the Town of Matewan in order to investigate the rumors of a massive strike on the horizon. There have been talks of union-members being suddenly rallied by a leader and leaving the town to start a small colony in the mountains. No one has heard from them in awhile and the town is slowly losing itself. The main gameplay would consist of some detective work as well as combat that I'm not sure which style would be best for the pacing. My original idea was a 2D game that smoothly transitioned into 3D turn based battles that focused a lot on your gunplay/reloading rhythm (Think Wild Arms, actually). You won't have a ton of ammo, and you'd constantly have to juggle how/IF you wanted to do combat, and there would be risk/reward options to encourage it. Perhaps a reflex minigame much like Undertale? I have a few ideas there. As you progress through the game, there will be some minor choices that will start to add up towards the ending, of which there would just be a couple, all dependent on a behind the scenes sanity gauge that's influenced by your decisions and things that you've been exposed to (Hint: Don't breathe the coal dust...). It will all culminate in the climax of the story, the shootout at Matewan where the agents were ambushed and outnumbered. In the end you learn there are much, much larger things afoot, your traditional Lovecraftian affair. It would obviously be a decently sizeable indie game, and I'm practicing and learning some stuff to try and at least complete a concept in the coming months between work. The concept will act as a tutorial and prologue, sharing the scarring details of the Ludlow massacre. I stumbled on this subreddit looking up more ideas for learning material, and I thought I'd at least post my concept here and see if people would even be interested in something like this. It's definitely a story I want to tell no matter what, and I would love if this was a good medium to tell it. I'm also willing to answer more questions if you're just that interested in knowing more about the narrative.",1570148402
df00ud,Looking for ideas for my mobile horror game,"I'm looking for some ideas for a big update of my mobile horror game. For this update I'm planning to replace the old map with a new one. This also comes with new puzzles the player has to solve and new mechanics. A little bit info about my game: The character you play is locked in a house by the enemy, his name is the ""Evil Kid"". Your mission is to escape the house withing 5 days. Every time the Evil Kid catches you, you've got 1 less day. You need to escape using the front door, but this door is locked. And the keys are hidden behind a series of 'puzzles' the player needs to solve. For example in the current update, the keys are hidden in the room of the Evil Kid in a safe. In order to open this room, you need a key and you need to make some sort of invisible potion in order to be able to enter this room. In order to make the potion you need to collect stuff and brew a potion. The key in turn is hidden in a room and in order to enter that room you've to fix the electricity of the house. And this goes on with a lot of other puzzles. Now as I said, I'm making a new map with new puzzles to solve. And I'm hoping that some of you guys got cool ideas for puzzles, that the player has to solve in order to be able to escape the house.",1570541610
dcd9xq,a good gameplay loop for persona X spiderman game.,"i had a pitch earlier that i wanna make a game like persona being a highschool simulator and dungeon crawler, but instead of the highschooler dungeon crawling in the shadow world, he is basically your average superhero cleaning the city streets in the same physical the highschool part is basically things you do in highschool, going to school, study for exams, hangout with friends, go dating, doing part time jobs, with the entire game progressing in the persona style time schedule. What i want to do avoid is have superhero stuff not be a turnbase RPG, because that's just persona, with the preference being an action game with rpg mechanics. but at the same time i'm struggling a way to balance the two modes, where you NEED to do both, otherwise is a game over. that isn't a turnbase RPG like persona.",1570036639
dkzx3p,A randomly generated zombie game,I am thinking about DayZ but with a twist The map is randomly generated or hand made idc But everytime you start a new game the zombies are different Let's say you start a game where the zombies act like the walking dead Then you get bored and decide to start a new map only to find that the zombies act like world war Z zombies (move in clusters and fast) You can go absurd by changing the start of the game A save where you start at the very start of the Epidemic (the last of us) One where you start after (the walking dead) Or at a point where the world is more accustomed on having zombies around Where the humans is the main problem And so on,1571661444
do407e,Tree planting incremental game,"This less a game idea and more a business model. It's like cookie clicker, but with trees instead of cookies... pretty basic. The game is online and on mobile and ads that are shown go towards planting trees. Maybe for every 100 trees a player plants in game one is planted in real life? Strongly feel any devs that make mobile games jump on this, massive profits to be made while planting trees. Wish I could code :(",1572236722
dffixm,A racing game where your in the back seat,You would control the driver but your camera angle would be in the back seat. This angel could be used for several ideas like you could drive with wasd and and hand brake on space and control the second character with a gun using the mouse.,1570619603
dgxcbs,"Idea I hatched at that weird hour between acceptable sleeping time and too-late-to-go-to-lalaland-now time, so it’s a rough idea","So the game is going to be a single player, story-driven game...? FPS preferred, and could just be a simple stealth game. You get an A.I companion(preferably actually useful and not annoying af) The main idea of the game is that you are thrust into a map of some sort, maybe a dark, ominous forest and you have to navigate to the other end, or to an “exit” of some sort, all the while avoiding creatures of unimaginable horror, and you have no memory of how you got there or anything before you got there, just “whoosh, existence” And no, you don’t get to find “clues” or “hints” of your past. The gameplay mechanic is simple in itself, maybe the player fumble along finding switches and levers and puzzles that aid the player in moving along their path, of course while still keeping eyes out for enemies fatal to their health. The companion (boy/girl/robot/dog/etc.) informs the player that he/she/it has done this before for countless others, and chose to stay in this forsaken place to be the guiding light for those in need of escape from this dark place. The player is grateful and the companion is extremely helpful in giving hints and tips as the game progresses. As the player get to the end, the companion is becoming more quiet and more distant, maybe even less cheerful, noticeably from the beginning of the game. Maybe near the end, the player reaches a clearing, let’s say, and sees some sort of “the end” or “the exit” sign, they hesitate. Partly because they don’t want to leave their newfound friend when they have nothing else to cling to (because of no memory of the past, duh) and also because something feels off. Turns out the “exit” is really a sort of feeding tube that sucks the player into an agonizing death, and that the companion is fully aware of this all along. His/her/its job is to retrieve newly abducted humans (that’s what the player is) and to help them get from the point where they’ve been dropped off and bring them safely to the place quite some distance away where their purpose is to be killed and used as fodder for...something (idk what yet)(Cthulhu maybe?) (definitely not human) and the player could either find out through a slip-up on the A.I part, or maybe the companion grew to care for the player more than the others and reveal this information through its own accord. Needless to say, the friendship ends rather quickly after that, with the companion entering phase two (form prepared in the event of unwilling participants), the player and the companion either fights it out or something (idk how to resolve this) with the player escaping, and the companion expiring painfully near the feeding tube (or in it) The game could end there, and the second game could be about the player returning and going through the facility of those responsible for the feeding tube and maybe finding out his/her own past. Game mechanics and finer details (weapons, resources, day/night cycles, etc.) I leave to your imaginations, and to my current knowledge I do not know of a game with the same plot lines and idea, but please let me know if there are.",1570897631
dlrpno,I need help with an easy game idea,"I'm just starting in the world of game dev. Problem is, I'm not very creative.. I've always wanted to create a simple 2d (or maybe 3d) Dungeon Crawler sort of game.. I figured this would be the best sub to ask if anyone has any cool ideas for one?",1571792463
dd44dx,Mobile Army Game,"Here’s a quick (likely incomplete) GDD I wrote for a game. Sorry for any formatting errors, the PDF didn’t translate well. Let me know your thoughts! [Soljers](https://docdro.id/pERnMBq)",1570174515
dexs4p,Jump!,"In this game, you play as a parachute dropped person and to open it, you have to click(or touch the screen if on a mobile phone) at precisely the right time for it to open. The parachute turns green when the time is right.",1570528359
dk9gi4,Game Idea,"Hello redditors, I have recently joined GameDev competition in my school and I have no idea what game should I create. The assigment is that I need to create a game where you go from being poor to being rich. Could you sugegst me some ideas? Thanks!",1571518008
dj2d5o,RPG Progression System inspired by anime Overlord,"This is an idea I had for an RPG class system. It encourages mixing of builds, classes, skills, and discovery of mechanics. IMO, this could be used for something as simple as a JRPG, or a large scale MMO. This will be a bit long, so there is a TL:DR at the bottom. I have trouble getting points across, so please tell me if I should explain clearer. Finally this is NOT a finished system, but more a concept for consideration. Enjoy. This system uses 3 basic mechanics; Classes, Proficiencies, and Skills. **Classes** are at the forefront. At character creation, you may choose your starting class from a list of beginner classes. Your character can have a maximum of 100 class levels, and can have multiple classes. Whenever you gain enough XP to level up (amount required based on total class levels) you can choose to level up any of your classes. Classes grant specific benefits at certain levels. Classes are not exclusive, and provide their benefits all at once. For instance, a thief with levels in mage can both cast spells, and sneak. Additional classes can be acquired in a number of ways. These include: * Discovering them through the combining of, or progression of classes. For instance, reaching the max level for the thief beginner class will allow you to begin progressing in the assassin class if you choose. * Finding a mentor or quest to teach you the class. This serves the purpose of allowing you to gain new classes without having to advance an existing one. * Fulfilling prerequisutes. Maxing out two beginner classes, such as mage and fighter, may be the prerequisute to discover the Eldritch Knight class, which in turn grants access to Skill Trees which enhance the strengths of that class. **Proficiencies** are the second feature. Every class grants several proficiencies such as weapons, types of magic, armor, and access to the respective skill trees of those things. For instance, if you are proficient in stealth, you can progress through the stealth tree. Likewise the mage class grants proficiency with magic. **Skills and Skill Trees.** Every class level you gain also grants a number of skill points. These points can be invested in anything from the necromancy skill tree, to the sneak skill tree. Investing in skill trees provides mostly passive bonuses to that skill, or enhances the wat you can use it. For instance, a high necromancy skill may let you summon a zombie from only a finger, whereas before you required a whole corpse. The whole point of this system is to allow players to learn skills and abilities they want for their character. Upon doing so, they may be rewarded with an as-of-then unknown class that opens even more possibilities. **Tl:dr:** A Class grants Skills (abilities that passively enhance things like stealth, or new ways to use those things like sneak attacks from stealth) and Proficiencies (access to skills, weapons, magic, etc, and the skill trees for those things). Through the mixing and matching of these things, you can discover new Classes which open up new opportunities for progression.",1571293586
dkpo5s,Looking for a game idea about the ocean,"I'm looking into some myths from First Nations and Hawaiians, and I have the inklings of a story that takes place on a boat in the middle of the sea. Any other ideas?",1571604743
dlghq5,Got a joke about your country? (part 2),"Hello folks, I earlier posted a request for help to develop an international version of my Danish drinking game. [https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/djsazb/got\_a\_joke\_about\_a\_your\_country/](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/djsazb/got_a_joke_about_a_your_country/) Thank you for the ideas, I made some early designs hope some of you will give some feedback and maybe some more ideas . [https://imgur.com/a/2ajakRe](https://imgur.com/a/2ajakRe) Thank you for your time",1571743311
dney7d,Ikaruga X gauntlet,"Imagine the gimmick of ikaruga, where enemies are either black and white and you have the power to turn black and white, and you can only harm white enemies when you turn white and black enemies if you are black but instead of an arcade shoot em up, is a dungeon crawler like gauntlet, with a class system up to 4 players",1572102021
do0whx,"An ambitious FPS called ""Flinch""","tl;dr: What if you combined Quake III Arena (or Lawbreakers if your one of *those* people), Tiny Bird Garden (Deluxe), and Jetpack Joyride? Flinch is a FPS where you play as a bird, fly around and kill people with guns. Also tries to be as satisfing as possible. Game Modes: * FFA (or Team FFA) * LMS (or Team LMS) * Dignity \[Competitive FFA\] * Ground \[You can't fly.\] * Rush \[You start with the most OP weapon and 1 health.\] * Outer Royale \[Battle Royale *but in space*\] * Custom \[self-explanatory\] Characters: The characters that are available are all some form of bird/birb, from Cockatiels to Kakapos to Macaws to so much more (plus extra breeds like Pearl or Lutino Cockatiels) Weapons aren't exclusive to each bird/birb. Weapons: Like the bird selection, they follow a realistic selection, and are seperated into three main stats: 1. Efficiency 2. Power 3. Special Graphics: Cutesy and Sci-Fi Price Hope: Free as shareware. Paying $10-50 unlocks the option of mature content (+ a few weapons) and the ability to create your OWN birb breeds. And the reaction??? v",1572218998
dkqnm5,Berserk gave me an idea for a game where you play as a wandering mercenary,"You would start off by making your character, choosing stats, abilities, and flaws. After you created your character you'd choose what village and region to spawn in, each region would have different relations with eachother like in Daggerfall. Also like Daggerfall, most of the forests would be procedurally generated with a few areas made by real people. The core gameplay loop would be travelling around, fighting in battles whenever the local lord issues a levy, and looting increasingly powerful gear and weapons off of the people you killed. After a while you might get promoted to captain or you could be knighted if you perform adequately in combat. In my head it'd look a lot like Shadow of the Colossus with a similar third person camera, a horse you can ride and all that. The combat would be an evolution of Bushido Blade's, which from what I've read is more realistic then health bars. I haven't played it yet but from what I've seen Sekiro's posture system it seems like it would fit pretty well into my vision. There would be no main story, it'd be like Mount and Blade except you can't recruit people and you can travel around the world in third person. However, I would include interesting characters that you could choose to interact with throughout your travels, to add some flavor to the world. As for the setting, it would basically be Golden Age Berserk, for people who don't know it's like a low fantasy world based on the Hundred Years' War. If I was forced to include monsters they would be rare enough that it would be like trying to find bigfoot in GTA san andreas.",1571609017
diuq5j,A mixture of established mechanics to create a very deep survival rpg.,"A third and first person, modern day urban survival RPG, your character is managed similar to and interacts with the world like disco elysium, but with free 3d movement, combat choice and some basic survival game elements such as eating and/or drinking etc. NPCs behave with each other and environment like rimworld, they would still have pre set roles/routines within the world BUT it would be as if a player on rimworld has given the NPCs a whole bunch of different jobs and commands to run the local area, so can be affected by the game environment and player. Gameplay would consist of varying main quest ""roles"" - rather than a story driven main quest itself, you just explore and interact with NPCs within the world to find roles to become successful in (whether it be a legitimate job that slots in alongside the working NPCs or something more risky and adventurous), all of which have their own ""end goals"" and benefits, with some perhaps locking out the capability to complete others due to a ""conflict of interest"".  Also have procedural side events, quests and options which would all vary against player skills/attributes/decisions/NPC relations and level. Diablo/Borderlands style procedural loot system (items/weapons/clothing/buffs). Going back to the DE and RW theme, it would contain a lot of dark humor and questionable characters, adult themes essentially.",1571255558
dlkfum,Helpless,"I'd love to see a game, much like [Myth](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9xQNA5kq2g), where the graphics are all b/w and grainy, and you get thrown into the fire without an instructions. But, more than that, I don't think there should be any instruction, ever, and no tooltips over objects. * There should be plenty to pick up, but not everything does something, and some need to be combined to do anything at all. The use of some objects would have a definite effect, but a pointless one, so you think you unlocked something, but really you just made a mess on the floor. * There should be very little danger throughout most of the game, but constant reminders that you're in trouble. Objects/furniture should be placed so the right angle creates horrible shadows that loom over you. Also, there should be murmuring from behind the walls, that intensifies, or quickly goes totally silent, randomly. The only jump scare might be an rare rat, or bug scurrying out from under something you pick up. * When you finally find the hallway to the last room, the murmurs should grow louder and louder. Once you figure out the last puzzle in that room, everything should go totally silent for a few seconds, there's a flash of light, and you see only a short, blurred glimpse of something running at you from the exit you finally opened.",1571762044
dj82pd,A survival RPG where you are an actual explorer and level up by finding ancient relics,"You are an Adventurer/Explorer and get your hand on a crudely drawn map of an island that is not well explored, but was once inhabited. The map shows the coastline and some basic terrain features like some mountains or rivers, perhaps some markings that can't be deciphered at first glance. Other than that, it is empty. Also, it is roughly correct, but **unreliable**. At the start of the game you get to choose on which part of the coast you want to land (with a suggested spot for new players) The Core gameplay loop would cycle between 3 main activities: 1. **Exploring the Island and working with the map editor and notepad** The map editor would function like a basic version of MS Paint. You can erase what's already there and add new markings, terrainfeatures or Text. The more resources development has for this part, the more sophisticated and tailored-to-the-game the editor can be. A basic tool set of brush(+multiple colors), eraser and text editor would already be enough, but it could be expanded to have individual tools to draw specific terrain for example Additionally there is a notepad, where you can freely write down what's useful to know . 2. **Finding resources, equipment food and water, building bases and surviving the Island** The Island is a hazardous place. You find strange flora and fauna of which you don't know what's edible, useful and friendly, or poisonous and dangerous. You will hunt down animals, study what they eat, lay traps, fortify your base, craft weapons and equipment and fill up on supplies to... 3. **Explore ancient dungeons** Riddled with traps puzzles and sometimes enemies, these dungeons are real challenges that have to be prepared for and even then occasionally need multiple expeditions to fully explore. While navigating the overworld will become a more serene and familiar activity the more you learn, these dungeons are a step up in pace, tension and mental challenge and the rest of the game hinges on these dungeons being different from each other, interesting and challenging. At the end of each dungeon there is an ancient relic that could be a means of travel, a strong weapon or something entirely ridiculous but useless. In any case, these relics are the only way for your character to level up (i.e. gain stats). **A few additional ideas**: \-The Island is setup in a way where the difficulty progresses as you move inwards. So you can go anywhere on the island from the start, but it is safer to stick to the coastline for example. \-The map was created by previous explorers. It is unreliable in the sense that there may be a big river somewhere in the southwest of the island, but it doesn't necessarily go the exact way the map shows. A marking for danger might not be accurate anymore. That mountain erupted years ago and is actually a volcano.  \-The survival aspect is meant to be taken seriously. It is easy to fill up on water and it will last you a while, but you still have to find a water source and have to wage the risk of exploring further to maybe find a new pond or lake, or move back towards a spot where you know you will be able to fill up. \-This also means that it does make a difference where you start on the map. The suggested 'noobie spot' may be close to all that you need, but will also probably have less useful stuff to find. \-The bases can be expanded upon and fortified. This gives the player more comfort over time, but the necessity to move inwards to explore the island further will create interesting situations where the player has to decide whether to push further inwards, or stay with the current base a bit longer to stock up on supplies. \-Also you can create your bases anywhere, but players are discouraged from this since everything you built costs resources and a base only makes sense when you have shelter, food and water nearby. \-The number of dungeons really depends on how big the game can even be. Since they have to feel meaningful there will be a lot of time spend on creating each one. And since the progression and coreloop depend on those you need at least some amount of them. I think less than 5 would be too few but around 8 would be a number that could work. And the more can be fit into the game, the better. Still I think it would be wise to go for quality over quantity in this aspect. \-Graphics and story are secondary to this idea. I think since it is an unexplored island, there are multiple avenues to create meaningful stories, whether it be the diary notes of previous adventurers; strife with a native people; a big bad evil guy that resides at the center of the map and wants to kill you, as soon as you move far enough inland; or a personal story where you got the map from your great grandfather and it was his biggest dream to find a specific treasure. And the graphics should be decided on after the scope of the game is set. I think the game could work with shitty 2D graphics, as long as the core loop is fun and engaging. \-Lastly I am not sure how to go about two things: Death and map generation. Since the survival aspect has to be a big factor I would lean towards permadeath, but losing all your progress on the map would not be fun. Keeping the map and losing the character could be an option although there has to be an explanation as to why the map always survives it's owner. A handcrafted island would be best I think, since the developer could make sure resources are split apart far enough to be interesting but close enough to be managable. However I am worried about the replay value of the game, since figuring all the stuff out would only be fun the first time around. What are your thoughts? suggestions? glaring mistakes I didn't notice?",1571326539
dm4hqs,A sort of reverse Phoenix Wright,"Simply put, you play as the killer and now its up to you to alter, hide, and fabricate the facts and evidence in order to successfully pin the crime on someone else while avoiding being found out.",1571859691
dnjmjq,Assault of the Evil Zomboids,"I. Story/Campaign: In this mode, you follow the footsteps of the main character(you choose its gender and appearance), as he travels to a remote village under the attack of rogue androids that look and act like zombies(named ""zomboids""- zombie-androids). The villagers are terrified as they periodically attack and kill people. You explore the area, get weapons and help mount a defense. But you investigate the cause. Someone must control the zomboids. The villain is a former mayor who was deposed due to his evil, illegal ways, but now wants to blackmail the current one into letting him be the true village ruler, this time leading from the shadows. He enlisted the help of a rogue hacker and top programmer known as ""The Necromancer"". He cracked the android program and made them go rogue and self-replicate. You fight your way across the village and into the graveyard. You find the Cyber-Crypt, and the game becomes a combination of horror and sci-fi themed one. You face the evil ex-mayor who is now half-robot. You must then enter a virtual reality mode via a VR system(Think ""Matrix"") in order to face the ""Necromancer"". After a tough fight, you won and the zomboids are yours to control. II. Gameplay/Game modes. There are three more game modes except the Campaign: 1. Assault mode. The action takes place after you arrived and settled in, but before you went after the evil mayor. The village is under attack and you have to kill all zomboids. You can use cars to run them through, weapons to destroy them or mounted turrets. The more you destroy before the end, the more points you get. You can use them in the game's other modes. 2. Build/Buy mode. In this mode, you can buy and build things for your village. You can buy a house you can furnish, get a car of your choice, clothes, etc. You can build public places like pubs, churches, stores, etc. In this mode, you also build the village's defense systems, from force field generating devices, to firing turrets, fences, walls, etc. You can buy or upgrade weapons in this mode. 3. Free Play. You explore the area freely(except for the Cyber-Crypt, which is locked). You can drive or walk, interact with the locals(NPCs). You have the chance to learn more about the people, do side quests, even start a relationship with someone. Time passes slower, but similarly to a GTA game. In Free Play, you can also find hidden treasures or weapons to use. All modes are connected and depend on your actions in each of them. For instance, you buy a car in Build/Buy mode, which you can drive in Free Play. If you build a store in the same mode, you can visit it in Free Play.",1572123293
dhx34t,Serum Z!,"You are a professor who just discovered the cure for the zombie virus. It doesn't just kill zombies, it turns them back to people. Now you have to cure and recruit people while also improving the cure to be more and more effective, with the ultimate goal of saving the world.",1571087113
diumi5,Need quest ideas,So I'm a student studying programming and I'm applying for a project at my school. The jist of it is that I'm making a text based RPG in c# and am in dire need of ideas for quests. Be creative and give some ideas. Thanks!!!,1571255150
disyq2,An FPS game where you are an armed guard at the papers please border,"You are one of the armed guard on a higher salary and basically you just guard the Artozkan border. You do not check papers, at certain times there will be an attack and you shoot the attacker. Call it: bullets please",1571248260
dd3hdi,SNES style game with a story based on Shonen anime.,"Hello, I joined this Reddit because I a game that’s currently in my head, and it has been for a really long time. I don’t know the name of it yet, so I’m gonna call it The Dragon Project. This game is a open world platformer, though I don’t know how it’s going to be executed because there are 7 worlds to explore, with a 8th world where you won’t go back to the other worlds until you beat the game. The game has mechanics from beat-em-ups + hack-n-slashes, elements from stealth games, and sequences from SHMUPS. The game will have 16-bit graphics, 16-bit music that sounds a lot like the SPC-700 sound chip from the SNES, and as if it was composed by the top composers of SNES games, like David Wise and Nobuo Uematsu. There are dialog portraits, but they’re hand drawn half bodies with different poses representing different emotions. In this game, you play as Kaji, a super-deformed anthromorphic dragon. In his base form, Kaji is extremely weak and doesn’t have a lot of abilities. He does breathe fire, but the range is extremely short and the fireballs don’t cause a lot of damage. The same could be said to his close combat attacks. In order to cause damage to a opponent, you’ll either have to pick them up and throw them, which you won’t be able to move, or stomp on them. He can also hover for a short amount of time. Later on, you’ll get power ups from a scientist named Dr. Rokin, who is the chairman of his lab. These power ups are pure energy cells. Each cell has one of the elements, and the elements give Kaji a new transformation and new abilities. The Earth Cell gives Kaji enhanced strength and more close combat combos, including a jumping uppercut similar to a Shoryuken. The Fire Cell extends the range of Kaji’s fireballs along with damage, and the fireballs are much bigger. The water cell allows Kaji to swim underwater much faster, and can also allow Kaji to breathe a energy breath. Finally, for the cells, the Air Cell extends Kaji’s hover time, but also allows you to fly, glide, and float down, allowing you to control your landings. There’s another power up that was given to Kaji by another dragon that’s not super-deformed named Ketsuno, and this works temporarily, so it should be used when you absolutely need to. It’s called a Power Orb. This transforms Kaji from a weak super-deformed dragon to a tall muscular dragon. It combines the abilities from all the cells and makes them better. Kaji’s fireballs do more damage, they’re a lot bigger, and the range is infinite. His flight time and hover time are also infinite. There are other characters, but I’ll tell you about them later. The worlds have a style of progression. All the worlds are invaded by monsters and are also damaged by crime and terrorism. If you beat the boss of each world, the monsters will be replaced with natural, but dangerous, animals, and bandits depending on the world. I don’t wanna make this too long, so I’ll leave like this. What do you think so far?",1570170001
dpb3lu,Medieval Armored Fighting Game,"So there have been some Medieval fighting games like Mordhau and Chivalry that focus on PvP team fights with melee weapons, and I a proposing a game along those lines with a major change in the game dynamics: You can't kill anyone who is standing up because the armor is just too protective. Instead combat will have different modes: standing, tripping and grappled. Every player will have a concussion bar which will go up every time they get hit and go down over time. The more concussed a standing player is the higher the likely hood they will fall down when hit the next time. Attacks to the legs will do less concussive damage but have a higher chance of tripping, and attacks to the head will be the opposite. Once a player is on the ground they can crawl a bit but have to wait until their concussion bar drops low enough before they can stand again. While a player is on the ground a player can initiate a finishing grapple. The avatar of the player initiating the finishing grapple drops their weapon, draws a dagger and attempts to breach the armor by sticking the dagger into an armpit or through helmet's eye slit. The finishing grapple will resolve like a series of quick time events. The aggressor will have a metronome style bar where they can press up, down, left, or right as close the metronome center as possible. The closer to the center and the more concussed the defender is the less time the defender will have to press the matching direction button to block the attack. Up will correspond to a stab through the eye slit. Left and right will correspond to armpit thrusts. Down will do a punch to the side of the head. If the defender fails a quick time event to a stab they are dead. If they fail a punch, they get concussed some more. Every few metronome strokes the defender will have a chance to dislodge the attacker with a similar timed direction choice and counter. If the defender succeeds the attacker is thrown off and they both can get up. If a friendly player is defending a grapple, one of their team mates can push the attacker off and terminate the grapple. Such a save would heavily concuss the attacker from the grapple thus making initiating a grapple in a group fight a high risk maneuver. Standing combatants will be armed with Crow's beaks and have the ability to bash with the hammer side, hook with the beak side, or push with the spear tip. The hooking and pushing will be necessary in a team fight to isolate individual opponents long enough for a finishing grapple. Standing combatants can strike on downed but ungrappled enemies to further concuss them and keep them grounded. Players exiting the grapple will have to retrieve a weapon to resume standing combat, but can re initiate a grapple with a downed opponent or attempt to disarm an opponent who is attacking them.",1572462079
dee2x7,"A modern fantasy, Yakuza style game.","I had this idea for the longest time: an action adventure game with RPG elements (like leveling your character) set in modern times, where you'll visit a hidden, incomplete world secretly created by one of the people you meet in the game. Now what i mean about ""Yakuza style game"" isn't the combat, it's the setting: a fictional district that you get to explore and occasionally do side quests and meet new party members. Combat will be action oriented, you'll fight with swords, lances, axes, magic and a combination of both. A quick backstory: a long time ago, magic ruled everything and everyone until a day came where it was over thrown and magic and everyone wielding it was almost completely eradicated from history but the war never ended, 3 sides exists: those who want to eradicate magic by any means necessary, those who see the injustice happing to mages but want to control magic, and those who believe magic should not be feared and mages should have complete freedom. Now in modern Seoul, the group fighting to control magic are using a music company as a front and are actively recruiting new allies and fighting for what they believe is right.",1570419546
df2yt7,Needs some mechanics ideas for my puzzle game,"Hello reddit, im making a puzzle game that deals with a guy who, when going out to sail the ocean, is hit by a storm and ends up in a mysterious temple that seems to emerge from the deep ocean, currently I have mechanics like keys for doors and enemies that persist you, but I feel that something is missing, all ideas are greatly appreciated. Notes: \-Is a first person game. \-Is a singleplayer game. \-Im using UE4. \-It has a lovecraft aura. \-Thanks for taking your time reading and helping.",1570554616
diw8yk,Suggestions for the gameplay of my concept,"I have this idea for a new game I'd like to start on. Basically, you're the captain of an alien warship who is tasked by the Interplanetary Federation to destroy Earth. However, you have to do it stealthily and make sure nobody can trace it back to you, otherwise PETH (People for the Ethical Treatment of Humans) would be all over you. Since blowing Earth up isn't exactly stealthy, you have other unique options, such as creating a zombie apocalypse, de-evolving humans, or triggering volcanoes with your super-advanced radio-cannons. I figure that each level will...actually that's my problem. I want the player to unlock new disasters as they progress, but I'm not sure how to do progression. I don't want you to just click a button that says 'Meteor'. I want there to be challenge, otherwise it's a simulation. I need there to be a puzzle element, but I don't know how to incorporate that from a story standpoint. Thoughts?",1571261836
dibqp2,Ant colony gps game,"A territory gps based game You pick one of the ant types consider them classes You start your colony and make your first workers and you assign a number basicly to yourself and as you walk around collecting food, mites, fungus, amber, ect as you collect your number of ants go down as thay carry good back home and die in battle acting like hp You build stuff around colony as passive food collection and the like As you travel after upgraded colony to a certain point you can build satilite colonys which claims the area, other players can challenge and claim these im desperate for a good territory gps game",1571162603
dlzh2o,Competitive puzzle game,"A puzzle game where you can publish your own levels, and when playing other people's levels, you can sort them by ""undefeated"" with the oldest levels shown first. Objective is to come up with really clever puzzles that take a while to solve. Example is electric box 2, which is no longer supported. I personally had some levels which were never beaten =) The puzzle game itself could be many different things but something in the style of electric box 2 is a good idea imo.",1571838054
ddi0dv,A superhero/villain game in Xenoverse format,"It can either be a Marvel/DC type of ordeal or a create your own Hero/Villain. Playing Injustice doesn’t fulfill my superhero fix, I am craving a more Dragon Ball-Esque 3-D combat system with flight. Anyone else feel this way?",1570246395
ddax08,Looking for a simple but fun multiplayer game idea.,"Hi, I wanted to make a simple fun multiplayer game for me and my friends to play, but I don't have any ideas, Could someone please provide me with some ideas?, I can go with 2d, pixel art, maybe 3d games also. Thanks :)",1570211885
dcoj4m,What do you like about fishing gameplay mechanics?,I'm looking for players/devs feelings on this kind of gameplay mechanic. What were the games in which the fishing mechanic was cool? What did you liked about it? Thanks!,1570095296
dch998,Plant-Based Dating Sim,"Hey guys! I'm pretty new to reddit. This is my first post on this platform. I'm interested in creating a dating sim about a college for plant people. I have a pretty good grasp on script writing but would like to know if anyone out there is interested in starting this project with me. Maybe even creating a kickstarter after some work. I'm looking for more writers, game programmers, and digital artists. This'd be such a wicked thing to do if y'all are interested.",1570053326
dch99d,Making the most relaxing lo-fi chill idle mobile game. Any suggestion or mechanics that would be recommened?,"I was looking into a game, called Tsuki for Android, and i liked but seemed that something was off. So since I'm in the moment to try new things, to work in between to my 3d open world game i was thinking to make a chill lo-fi idle game. Although i still have to think for most of the stuff, it might be fun to hear some suggestions. So anything that comes to mind will be gladly appreciated!!",1570053326
dcpqqm,Community Vote - Pixelcraft Crowdfunding,"Hello Reddit ! I’m here today to ask the community to vote on what you would like PixelCraft’s first Crowdfunded game to be. My name is Callum Smith, I’m a full time Game Design Lecturer of 5 Years. I mostly worked on Private experiences for companies using my knowledge of game design, my first published game will be ‘Perceptio’ a VR puzzle game on Oculus and it is currently going through the Oculus App Submission. Vote Here: [https://forms.gle/xr6cRPMGBV5yNGPj6](https://forms.gle/xr6cRPMGBV5yNGPj6) # Custom Z (Non-VR) [https://i.imgur.com/LDsm8Dl.gifv](https://i.imgur.com/LDsm8Dl.gifv#embed) Description: Custom Z is a Zombie defense game with a focus on modding. Custom Maps, Custom Weapons, Custom Perks. Story: Time Travelers encounter a catastrophic error during a trip and crash in the past, the time crystal explodes raining down on the area and causing the time of the objects to shift in unknown ways. Pros: Proven formula for enjoyment Unreal modding growing Cons: Zombies cliche # VRacer [http://i.imgur.com/PiR9dBs.gifv](http://i.imgur.com/PiR9dBs.gifv[/url]) Description: VRacer is a VR space age racing game where repulsor engines drag the racer. Story: V-Racing is hot sport of the future with tracks on each planet of our solar system. As V-racers attempt to become the number one V-Racer of the galaxy, start from the bottom Win races and upgrade your V-Racer. Pros: VR Racing games are popular Controls feel amazing Cons: VR market limited # Choose your own adventure VR 360 Movie/Game [https://imgur.com/QUPYjDQ](https://imgur.com/QUPYjDQ) Description: A VR 360 Choose your own adventure is a return to the old school formula with a new twist, star as the main character in a choose your own adventure 360 movie. Story: Imagine being the protagonist of a movie immerse yourself in a 360 movie and make the choices you want. Extra: I will also release the system as a plugin for Unreal so that others may create their own with ease. Pros: Proven formula for enjoyment Easy to understand for all ages Cons: VR market limited # Fractured Hex Description: Steampunk stealth game set in an alternate history England. Story: Follow the story of Ada as she is throw into a steampunk world where forces are competing to control a power that could lead the world to peace or war. Pros: Amazing in-depth story Female protagonist # Game Developer Course Description: A full course on how to make your own games in both Unity and Unreal. Story: As I stated in the into I’m a full time lecturer in game design and would love to be able to bring this into a digital format for all to enjoy. Even if you didn't vote thanks for reading, It has been my dream to become a full time game developer and this is the start of that path. Kind Regards Callum Smith Find more about me and my work at pixelcraft.co.za [https://www.artstation.com/sumisukyo](https://www.artstation.com/sumisukyo) [https://sumisukyo.itch.io/](https://sumisukyo.itch.io/)",1570103273
dc3o0a,New take on old concept,"A diner dash style game, but Bobs Burgers. While increasing levels, you unlock characters that help, I.e. Gene increases marketing so more customers, Linda means you can serve more customers.",1569981331
ddad7w,Another football manager?,"Hi guys, I'm about to start a new project in my head, it would be ""similar"" (of course I'm not a professional game studio) to sigames football manager but as an online browser version. I think ""similar"" is quite affordable but I would like read some feedback from random people here on my ideas/doubts. 1) Licenses issue Of course due to legal and economy it wouldn't has clubs/players/... official licenses, so my question is: What would you prefer the most? a) Realistic: countries/clubs/players with renames (let's say, Paris Sports, Manchester North, ...) b) Fantastic: world/clubs/players (totally invented) c) Customized: Create your custom team 2) Time of play Something that cames to my mind also on how to manage is: How would you like to play the most? a) Realistic: similar to real life, 1 or 2 matches (let's say league + cup?) every week on weekend and the rest of the week pure managing, dealing with training and other stuff b) Faster: let's say a match every 2 days (1 day match + 1 day trining&amp;stuff) or something like that 3) Features I have been thinking on adding also something new, different, but not sure... a) Realistic: physical/mental/etc.. attributes as usual in football games b) Fantastic: I was thinking on adding a cyberpunk concept of bionics/implants/etc... improvements  I would like to read your feedback about these options and of course I'm open to new ideas. Thank you all in advance for reading.",1570209460
ddbjd5,"A marvel vs capcom style fighting game, but with entirely indie game characters","imagine the same indie lineup as something like runbow, but in a traditional 2D 3v3 tag team evo worthy fighting game(atleast that's what i would dream) if i can dream a potential pick on who i would like to invite : -shovel knight -castle crashers as one big chatacter (imagine like the TMNT in injustice2) -gunvolt -juan and tostada (like android 18 w/ 17 in fighterz) -zetterburn (rivals of aether) -the farmer (stardew valley) -cadence (crypt of the necrodancer) -chef (overcooked) -princess (chariot) -rusty (steamworld dig) -miriam(bloodstained) -yooka laylee -toe jam and earl (like the an ice climbers style character) -angry video game nerd (because why not)",1570214630
dc76b6,(SMALL FPS) Team VS Team Photography Game (No Next Gen Graphics) Game Idea #1: Indie,"(Quick Explanation of who I am) Bonjour everyone, codenames Yellow. I'm new to this game idea community and wanted to say hello while putting out one of my many ideas I've had for a long time (P.S. I've been making original ideas for TV shows, anime, games, movies, and other things for 3 years. So, think it would be awesome if there was other subreddits made for those too if not already) Anyways... Game Name: X-Shots/ Photographers Funeral (Can be any catchy-memorable photography related name really) Platform: PC (Not trying to over whelm you. But coming to mobile after would be nice but not necessary) Concept: There are unique DSLR cameras called Shots that start popping up around the world and they have the ability to kill and collect the essence of whoever they photograph. After discovering these unique cameras many existing and new organizations form to take over these mysterious yet powerful objects. Game Mechanics: -Small game lobby to wait for game to start (Think Apex Legends but even wayyy smaller scale without animations, unnecessary extra stuff) -2 teams, each consisting of either 3 or 4 players. Each player starts with a standard Shot (DSLR Camera) -Different amounts of photos have to be taken of an enemy with different shots to truly kill-collect them (Basically think how long it takes for a pistol vs a shotgun but with Shot cameras) -Crouching-Standing mechanic -Semi-Slow running mechanic -Would be a few other special Shot cameras you can pick up on the small map -3+ different maps to add variety. But would leave up to developer depending on how challenging it is making a somewhat detailed small map with these mechanics -At the end of the match you get photos of all the kills you have collected. Showing the kill photos in a sort of stacking them in front of each other like cards. Final Notes: Honestly, would be fine with just 5% of sales if it got made at all or any kind of following since the developers will be putting in the hard work. Plus I'm open with letting y'all add/ change/ delete things from my idea as you see fit in the comments. Just like the phrase, power to the players! But in this case to the developers as well!! Haha. Anyways, thanks for reading ladies and gents. I'll be in the comments and posting other ideas if you'd like to hear them. Future ones and this idea will have drawings added later to give a better idea of how it looks/functions If any clarity is needed about any of this ask in the comments below and I'll add it into this post/ in a comment - Ciao Yellowflash",1570003371
dca8um,Health bar,"I'm working on a game with puzzles and traps sort of like saw. The character has to escape a serial killers house. The game has a health bar but I want to show physical damage on the character herself as well. My question is how do I best represent physical damage based on how low the health bar is? For example say 70% of health is missing, what kind of physical damage would that be? I would appreciate your input.",1570023110
dckw2w,game idea about olympics,does someone have an idea about the olympic games as the theme?,1570070734
dd9zla,Life simulation game (text like bitlife),"Life simulation game (text like bitlife) &amp;#x200B; Why we love to play life simulation game? because we love to see our character living their life. we can choose what food they eat, what clothing style they prefer, how their career performance, their relationship, how they start a family and so on. there something fun about it. &amp;#x200B; Maybe in a real life u a normal office worker, in life simulation game u can play life of other career, so u can experience it too. &amp;#x200B; 1. Character profile &amp;#x200B; Name: Helena Grace &amp;#x200B; Gender: Female &amp;#x200B; Age: 18 &amp;#x200B; Height: 170 cm (medium tall) &amp;#x200B; Weight: 60kg (ideal) &amp;#x200B; Body measure: 34-30-38 (pear shape) &amp;#x200B; Career: University student (Journalist) &amp;#x200B; Part time job: Barista &amp;#x200B; 2. Daily Schedule &amp;#x200B; Monday-Friday &amp;#x200B; 6.30 am: wake up, shower, dress up &amp;#x200B; 7 am: go to class, grab sandwich at subway station. &amp;#x200B; 8 am: class start &amp;#x200B; 12 pm: lunch break. eat mozzarella spaghetti at the cafetaria with friends &amp;#x200B; 1 pm: group discussion &amp;#x200B; 2 pm: class &amp;#x200B; 6 pm: class end. go the subway station. buy take away hotdog for dinner &amp;#x200B; 7 pm: arrive at home. shower. take a nap &amp;#x200B; 8 pm: wake up, eat dinner. do stuff at laptop &amp;#x200B; 10 pm: sleep. &amp;#x200B; daily activities will be different everytime. if there is no important stuff tomorrow morning, character can stay up late. &amp;#x200B; Saturday &amp;#x200B; 7.30 am: wake up, shower, dress up, going out to the mall (use lrt station) &amp;#x200B; 8.30 am: at the mall, shopping for groceries, eat pancakes at the mall restaurant &amp;#x200B; 9.30 am: at home doing laundry &amp;#x200B; 10.30: going out to the club meeting &amp;#x200B; 12 pm: lunch with friend ( Shrimp fried rice) &amp;#x200B; 1 pm: club meeting &amp;#x200B; 5 pm: end of club meeting &amp;#x200B; 6 pm: walk at the park, eating fried banana &amp;#x200B; 7 pm: going home. &amp;#x200B; 8 pm: at home, shower, take a nap &amp;#x200B; 10 pm: wake up, dress up, going out to town with friends &amp;#x200B; 11 pm: dinner onions pizza at the town festivals &amp;#x200B; 1 am: heading home &amp;#x200B; 2 am: arrive home. sleep. &amp;#x200B; 3. Relationship &amp;#x200B; Spouse: single &amp;#x200B; Family: Fredrick (father, 56), Mellyn (mother, 50), Lily (sister,24), Jimmy (brother, 15) &amp;#x200B; Friend: Jessica (classmate, 18), John (high school friend, 19), Melina (childhood friend, 20)",1570207794
ddcjhm,City builder mechanics,"City builders are great but all seem to have a common weakness in that once a certain amount of money is accumulated the player can reshape their entire community at will and the population doesn’t seem to mind (or are easily replaced). Real life cities can rarely completely erase their past and they have to build on it around it. Some mechanics that might add more realism: Era’s - so you can start your city in a different time; which would in turn lead to: Road layouts being expensive to change (especially where buildings line the roads) so they end up persisting and forcing the player to work around them. Buildings that take a long time to build so knocking down and having them simply pop back up again is not exploitable. Buildings that stay through the eras - becoming part of the historical city, older ones maybe declining in usefulness but attracting tourists or even becoming listed monuments. Going back to the different eras, the actual gameplay could be significantly different ie. pre electricity / car etc would force zones to be closer together than they might if you just started a modern city.",1570218884
dd3jbn,Mobile army game.,"Here’s a quick GDD I wrote for a single-player, mobile army game. Let me know your thoughts. Soljers Synopsis A single-player, mobile game in which the player’s goal is to defeat the incoming army by strategically countering the opposing troops with Soljers. Scenes and Menus 	•	Home screen 	•	Profile 	•	Settings 	•	Map 	•	Soljer collection 	•	Map scene 	•	Areas to attack/already attacked 	•	Game scene 	•	The battle Controls CAMERA: Move finger in any direction to adjust camera angle. This can happen during battles. PURCHASE SOLJERS: A horizontally scrollable bar will be present on screen. DEPLOY SOLJERS: Tap the part of the screen where you wish to place the Soljer. Must be in the allowed zone. SOLJERS The more damage a Soljer does, the more stamina is earned. Stamina is used to purchase more Soljers. The better the Soljer, the more stamina it costs. New Soljers are unlocked with each war (collection of battles) that is complete. Alternatively, Soljers may be unlocked upon entering a new war. Soljers can be upgraded by earning Soljer Sols (souls). Sols are earned from battles. Each Soljer is to be given the following stats: 	⁃	Description 	⁃	Purpose (Offensive, defensive, etc) 	⁃	Damage 	⁃	Hit speed 	⁃	Health 	⁃	Speed 	⁃	Range 	⁃	XYZ (Any Soljer-specific stays) Possible Soljers (names undecided) 	•	Swordsmen 	•	Archer 	•	Giant 	•	Phoenix 	•	More soon MONETIZATION Revenue is earned through IAPs and ads. 	•	IAP: Buy Sols 	•	IAP: Buy 2ndLyfe Crystals 	•	IAP: Buy temporary (maybe perpetual) battle upgrades. E.g. More stamina, double stamina, shockwaves, etc 	•	AD: Second life after losing 	•	AD (daily): Unlock free Sols/2ndLyfes 	•	More soon MISCELLANEOUS Engine: Unity Platforms: iOS, Android Genre: Strategy",1570170377
dddwvk,Self Driving Carmageddon,"I've had this idea for awhile, but I figured I might as well post it here since I'll probably never get around to trying it. Basically a game in the vein of The Last of Us or Left 4 Dead, but instead of zombies, the enemies are self-driving cars gone bad. The main focus of the game could be either trying to escape the center of a big city just after everything kicks off or possibly trying to reach some central building to try and shut off the cars. The enemies could range from rogue mopeds to semi trucks and maybe even planes/helicopters. More dangerous cars could have visual indicators like bumper damage/blood splatter. I'm not sure what place weapons or combat might have since you're fighting cars and not humans, but probably something more slow paced like The Last of Us. My thought would be something crafted you'd see in Dead Rising like a harpoon fitted with explosives. The game would involve some basic skill progression centered around combat, crafting, or stealth (e.g. alerting one car is less likely to alert others). &amp;#x200B; The game could go a completely different direction, too, and be super chaotic like Left 4 Dead or the GTA 4 Carmageddon mod. If you have any thoughts on this whole idea, let me know in the comments!",1570224855
ddeavc,A RPG-Zelda Like Game,"# Super MR ***Chapter 1*** &amp;#x200B; So i got an idea, that featured a character named **James**, and well, he is coming from the past to literally save the world (like a lot of games ( I mean.. a lot.)).Meteorites fall from the sky and **a little robot falls** from one of the meteorites and tells **James** that he has to make a team and defeat a Monster called **Destroyer** and then his adventure begins...He needs to beat bosses, and find two people that can help him through his adventure;**Ben** and **Renji.** Then, they can go in their adventure to defeat **Destroyer**. After defeating them, the *chapter 1* finishes . When the player finishes *Chapter 1*, the player can go to free play, single-player or multiplayer, and the characters that were in the *chapter* would be unlocked in the party, and the player can unlock characters by doing quests, buying with coins or credits. &amp;#x200B; That is only the *chapter 1*, after making it, i can finally write *chapter 2.*",1570226622
dcux3t,"Uncharted Waters style game, but set in a fantasy sky islands world","I have had this idea in my head for the last few weeks and I con't seem to get it out, so I thought I would share it here and see what all ya'll think about it. &amp;#x200B; For those unfamiliar with uncharted waters, it is an open world single player game in which you play someone that is sailing the seas. You can be a trader, purchasing trade good at one port, and selling them for a profit at another port. You can be a pirate, attacking trade ships and taking their supplies for yourself. You can be an explorer, travelling into uncharted waters and discovering villages, landmarks, and ancient sites, and selling those discoveries to nobles. You MUST manage your hold, making sure you have enough food and water, hire sailors to run your ship. So, some things that I think would work well in a sky-islands version of the game: Depth: Being able to acquire ships that can go up and down, leading to some more dangerous areas. Distinct biomes: different islands can have some diverse biomes giving differend appearances as well as unique trade goods Cusomizable airships: Uncharted waters had some customization of your ship, but I think it could go much further, especially with a fantasy environment. Town/City improvements: Purchasing goods in a town, especially if it is enough to bring the town close to running out of that good, should cause the town to expand production of that good &amp;#x200B; What are some other features or mechanics you would like to see in a game like this?",1570127199
dcq4x0,RPG Horror Game Idea - Feedback Appreciated,"The premise is pretty simple: you’re a nineteen-year-old girl whose life drastically changed for the worst after a local amusement park closed down. Three years later, desperate for closure, you visit the now-abandoned park one last time because you’ve heard it’s going to be demolished. Your main goal is to visit the park’s three main rides: a swinging ship, a log flume, and water rapids. At each ride, you must find a “memento” - a memory from your past. The ship's memento is a photograph of you and your boyfriend who broke up with you shortly after the park closed. The log flume's memento is one half of a best friend necklace, the other half belonging to your friend. The water rapid's memento is an orange toy octopus. To recover them, you must complete puzzles. As you explore the park, you find three newspaper clippings; one is about the death of an eleven-year-old schoolgirl, who drowned on the water rapids; another talks about teenagers committing suicide at the abandoned park; the last one talks about the park’s owner killing himself out of guilt over the eleven year old’s death. You are also followed by the ghost of a little girl wearing what looks like a blue shirt and jeans. Occasionally, you see a dark figure in the background, watching you. After you find the octopus it’s revealed that he belonged to your younger sister, who is actually the eleven-year-old girl who drowned and the ghost that’s been following you. You’re about to commit suicide due to the guilt over her death when the dark figure comes up to you. It’s your old friend and she convinces you that your sister's death wasn’t your fault. The next day, you and your friends visit her grave, where the real toy octopus sits (he and the other mementos were just figments of your imagination or whatever). What I’m asking for is advice on how to improve the story, what sort of puzzles I could use, and guidance on how to even make an RPG horror game seeing as I’ve never actually done this before.",1570105414
dcrc2a,In need for some game ideas!,"Hello! Do you have any cool game ideas, that are not very big projects? I want to make a game and I am searching for some ideas or game mechanics. I was thinking about a first person shooter, or a puzzle game, but any other ideas are welcome!",1570111403
dcsbj1,Instagram Game ideas page! Daily ideas to get you started,Follow @gameideas_ on Instagram for daily quick developments and weekly in detail game ideas 💡,1570115875
dcpflm,City Game,"Hello Guys, I am working on a City-Game. My Idea is that the player is 18yo and his parents told him to find another place to live and rented him a flat and paid the first one or two months. You basically have to earn money to pay the rent and in the future move in a house or own a mansion and maybe even have a business. What I would need from you is ideas of mechanics, jobs, events or such. The core idea is not permanent, any others are welcome as long as everything happends in a city. Thanks for your time!",1570101423
dcsklq,An open RPG where you make a team of adventurers.,"So this has been done in the past with games like the original Final Fantasy but I think it's time for an upgrade. I love the idea of novels like Fellowship of the Ring that revolve around large groups of 5 or more adventurers going on an epic quest. That said, I also like in-depth character customization. I'd love a game where you can completely customize a large group of people to create a team of adventurers, to include their looks, sex, class, etc. I'd also want personality customization, so for example heroic characters may have different dialogue than snarky characters or self-serving characters. Divinity Original Sin kinda does this already but you can only do 2 characters.",1570117010
dcsorm,"Not a game, but a menu option for Twitch/YT streamers that will shift around the HUD to leave space for the streamer's camera.","The game Control recently came out with an option in the audio menu that muted copyrighted music so that people who stream or make videos won't have their videos demonetized or blocked. They can go a step further and plan some extra screen space for streamers so their picture-in-picture cameras don't block the HUD. Plus, honestly, being able to shift around HUD elements to your personal liking might be good design anyway.",1570117533
dcu4cv,Gta 5,What are some good roleplay ideas for tracey in director mode?,1570123740
d9wijs,"An online election simulator in which every player tries to convince other players to vote for them in absurd, meme-filled elections for pointless government positions.","When you start the game you're shown a simple map of a fictional country that is divided into states, then counties and then cities. Then you're randomly given a ""birthplace"" in one of those cities and an in-game fictional webpage to fill with whatever you want. Each city, county and state (along with the nation as a whole) has periodic elections for various fictional elected office positions like **Chief of Stuff** or **Secretary of Funk.** It's up to players to run for certain positions in their region and then convince other players to vote for them however they can. Joining political parties, petitioning other players in their regions on their webpages, running dirty political ads on the county newspage, etc. would all could be viable tactics. The fictional country would encourage user-generated lore and fictional issues like ""massive florb shortages"" or ""contagious Toe-Face outbreaks,"" along with players promising to fix such issues in their own silly ways. Everything is made up and the points don't matter. **** I'll be brutally honest: I would expect lots of memes to laugh at, but also lots of toxic behavior to monitor/enforce against. The game would need to foster a player culture that keeps real-world politics out somehow. With just fictional maps, user pages, a voting system and image hosting, in theory the game could work completely on web browsers.",1569566371
d3tp9z,A game where you play as a normal person for a month before the end of the world.,"The world's leaders have come to the unfortunate conclusion that a Jupiter sized asteroid will collide with the Earth in exactly one month's time. There is nothing that can be done to prevent it. You play as just some person in a city or town, living out your life, taking care of the plants, your pets, and eventually come to terms with the inevitable, and accept what will happen/happens. Each day of the game is actually in real-time, so the game would be last for exactly the month/duration of time until the asteroid obliterates everything and the game ends. Perhaps such a game would feature plot threads or a story that would get cut-off by the asteroid, or the fact that you would never get to experience every sub-plot or talk to every character in the town.",1568400442
d9195i,Man-eating Lightning McQueen Fake Taxi Simulator (serious),"It's a working title. The game would probably be a mod for the GTA1 engine, or something similar. You are an anthropomorphic car, lightning McQueen style, and you have a taste for human flesh (you are the only one of your kind). You pose as a taxi, and lure in unsuspecting customers, then kill and eat them. If they become suspicious or you fail to lead them to their destination, they will become suspicious and try to leave the taxi. However, you must also avoid being detected by the public and police. The police become aware that some kind of serial killer is afoot, and ramp up security and make your life difficult. You do not need to kill every passenger, but you risk starving to death over time. Things become more difficult over time as the police crack down to find the culprit. Methods of killing your customers are taken away, and the player has to rely on creative strategies like getting into crashes or other environmental kills and/or tailor the murder to the victim, i.e distractedness, couple or one person, etc. Managing your vehicle and upgrading it and so on could add to complexity. Ofc this sort of thing would come into play later in development.",1569406594
d2oc0w,"A game where you play through multiple times with multiple classes, but you can replay a ""recording"" of a previous playthrough with a different class to affect what happens in your current playthrough.","[](/goodjob)A variety of game genres could work for this, but I imagine it as a 2D metroidvania style game. I think this would work best with a shortish countdown timer of something like 4 hours, where you can do different things to have sweeping affects on the world kind of Majora's Mask style. The difference being that the game is built on taking advantage of that and using multiple playthroughs to set yourself up for your ultimate goal. Like you play through as the Knight and defeat the Lich about an hour in, which allows travel through the Swamp on the other side of the map. You can then start up a Rogue and be there at the right time to take advantage of that and get across the swamp right away instead of having to spend time traveling, while your Knight continues to do their thing. Perhaps you unlock events or opportunities your own class cannot take advantage of, like that Rogue unlocking a Fireball spell for your Wizard to use. If you want to get real convoluted and add layers of strategy, you could make it so that you have to prevent paradoxes. Like if you buy the Magic Sword with your knight at 3 hours in, it needs to still be in the shop. Your Rogue can buy it themselves but it needs to be sold back to the shop before the Knight goes to buy it or else a paradox happens, either ending the game or stopping the Knight recording where it is. You would probably want to do a lot of periodic auto-saving so you can go back in your current playthrough and change how you play to fix these events before they happen again.",1568199771
dc162x,What to do with a powerful game server for the next 3 years?,"Heya gamedev, I bought a sweet compute-optimized AWS server on a 3 year contract for a web project that never took off. I've load tested it at 1,000 concurrent players over TCP (split into small sized lobbies obviously) and it only hit 60% cpu utilization! I'm looking to use this horsepower on a new project, can you think of a multiplayer game concept that would definitely entertain hundreds of concurrent users? I'm not really looking to innovate, I just want to make something small that people will enjoy and use, so my server isn't sitting around. I'm a career software engineer and have intimate experience with low level networking and client-server games, so don't worry about technical challenges. I just might not be the best idea person. Thanks!!",1569969558
d6mrn8,"A Horror/Simulation hybrid where you are being stalked by a killer, but also have to live your day to day life.","I had this extremely vivid dream the other night about a horror game with multiple branching paths and endings. The basic idea would be that you receive a calling card from a serial killer, that informs you that they are hunting you, and they want to play a game. You must identify them, and turn them in before they are able to kill you. Essentially, your day to day life would have you working, talking to various individuals with multiple dialogue options, and having to choose what you say knowing in the back of your mind that anyone could be the person who is stalking you, or they could be in hearing distance. You would have periods of being able to roam around the city, and you would be strongly encouraged to switch up your routes on a day to day basis, as doing otherwise would teach the AI where to corner you. There would be multiple strange occurances or signs that indicate you are being watched by the person who is after you in order to keep the fear and intensity up. If you aren’t taking any precautions in your daily life, there’s a possibility that the killer could find out where you live, in which case you would be forced to survive through the night without allowing them to get into your house, or find you. I imagine there would be ten different potential npc’s to be the killer, so that it wouldn’t be ruined if you were spoiled about who one of them was. There’s obviously a lot of work that would go into making it continuously scary, as well as making the normal life simulator stuff not completely boring. Do you think this idea could work though, with a bunch of tweaks and testing?",1568938406
d11j3t,an anti dating sim game.,"you were never into relationships, you just wanted to study and get good grades, the problem is, you are the hottest one in the class, do schoolwork while trying to avoid conversations, and try to divert the dozens of lovestruck girls around you, and if they keep going for you, you can try to let them off, but it may not go so well... join clubs to get extra credit, but this also means more attention, this game could go two directions, lighthearted, or dark, depending on how much the girls obsess over you.",1567889754
d7y0fl,Applying the rest bonus philosophy to survival games,"Just dumping it here so that I don't forget about it, and maybe some dev somewhere wants to pick it up which I'm 100% for. Something that's consistently dragged survival games down is that, no matter how far you progress and how good your tech gets, you're always babysitting your player character as they whine that they're hungry and thirsty and sleepy. It's not particularly challenging but ignoring it means death, so it's really just a perpetual annoyance that makes a lot of survival games less fun. &amp;#x200B; An alternative strategy is to add a levelling system to your survival game where xp is gained for your actions like crafting, fighting, exploring, etc. Instead of having hunger and thirst and tiredness kill you, give xp multipliers for staying well fed and rested, which will allow players to unlock things at a reasonable rate. This way, neglecting food will just cause your progress to stagnate instead of kill you, and stagnating is perfectly fine for endgame players that have everything.",1569193499
cz19m0,Kidnapped,"A multiplayer 1 vs 4 (can be increased if you think the number is too small) game where one person is the kidnapper and the other four are the kidnapped. Each match would be a randomly generated house meaning each house is going to look and feel different making no game the same. Rules are simple really, the kidnapper has to make sure the kidnapped do not escaped while the kidnapped have to find a way out with one exception.. The kidnappers nosy old mother. The mother would be an NPC that can either assist the kidnapper or the kidnapped. The kidnapper has to take care of his mother who is constantly roaming the house but is deaf. If mother sees a kidnapped victim she will immediately call cops making it game over for the kidnapper. Sorry i had to rush this post as i need to leave the office soon so i tried to get the general idea of the game down without going into too much specifics.. If something does not make sense or you have a question then feel free to ask!",1567493311
da49zr,an animal crossing type horror game.,"so you arrive at a town, this town is entirely populated by anthropomorphic animals, gameplay would be something similar to these social simulation games, there would be no real time clock, more like one similar in length to stardew valley but you wouldn't have to sleep every night, but some things would be off, such as some buildings being closed at arbitrary times of day, for no discernible reason, not enough to be annoying but enough to make you confused, the villagers might let slip small clues to whats going on, slowly piecing together the truth, these clues will eventually lead you to special items and codes, and at the point in which you almost fully know what is happening you will be able to reach the finale of the game, by this point you know why you are here, you know what they want from you, and you wont let them take it, the final battle could use all the tools you are already accustomed too, if there is a battle, it could just all be in dialogue, but at the end, you leave on the same vehicle you came from. sorry if i left the most crucial parts out, i haven't figured out the plot yet i just know what the concept is.",1569608078
d58wm2,a game where your weapon is a tool handle.,"so its a top down action roguelike, and you start with a tool handle, by default it has a weak short ranged attack, but it gets interesting when you get components, components can be added to your handle, things like blades and gun parts, they all have durability, so you cant have any single component forever, you can mix and match components like legos, possibly creating abominations of a weapon, but the more you have the more slow and cumbersome your weapon gets.",1568678170
cyrbz1,"Battle Royale, but on a dodecahedron planet.","[Here’s the basic idea.](https://i.imgur.com/snAVFki.jpg) The sides of the planet are flat pentagons. These pentagon “tiles” are taken randomly from a bank of designed lands of varying environments (mountains, desert, city etc) that include one or two points of interest. The planet is randomly generated with these tiles every game. High replay value. The storm also is randomly filling one side at a time from the inside out. You never know if the side you are currently on is next. The storm will never make two separate safe zones. Or maybe it can, I don’t know. Last side fills with the storm from the outside, in. That’s it",1567442164
d4mxo7,"""Social Anxiety: The Game""","This is kinda stupid and I know it's kinda stupid, but it's an idea I've had for a long time and only tonight did I think to wander in here. The concept is basically a dating sim of sorts. It starts out, you're having a conversation with a friend on the way to a bar or whatever. Your responses to his sentences are in blocks that are kinda floating around the HUD, and you have to click on them to make that choice. When you get to the bar, a few girls (or guys or whatever) at the bar. It's clear from the game design/GUI/HUD/etc that you're supposed to go talk to them. But as you get closer, the game shakes slightly, blurs in places, lights get brighter or more glaring. When you get close enough that dialogue options start floating, they're blurry, sometimes changing as they move, and some are moving pretty fast. The closer you get, the more options appear, some of which are just nonsense, while others are sentences that are clearly bad choices (catcall type things). The visuals continue to degrade. If you make it through this and start a conversation, things stabilize a lot but the dialogue options are still moving erratically, and regardless of the ""relationship points"" (obviously an invisible stat) they randomly get worse or more nonsensical, and more and more ""I have to go"" type options appear. It's a small concept, not really a ""game"" so much as an interactive movie I guess? But maybe some development could build an actual story around it. A branching thing with multiple possible outcomes.",1568565817
d9qewi,"Story, mechanics, and what your idea actually is","I see a lot of people post ideas to this sub and seem to have a weird idea about how to go about combining their story with their mechanics. Often they have trouble identifying what even separates the two. Here's a couple of examples (quality of examples not in focus here); First example: Idea maker - ""I have this awesome idea for a racing game where the levels are designed to slowly funnel the player into death traps they have to avoid but they are encouraged to move toward this danger and rewarded for doing so but punished for getting too greedy, the closer to the edge you get the faster you go, fall into a trap and be punished severely. The player is doing this because one day he wakes up and sees that some aliens are trying to kidnap the towns folk and everyone is running for their lives."" In this example I just made up the person with this idea has a decent idea for the mechanics for a game and seemingly shoehorned in a story. There's no reason to worry about a story when you obviously has some decent ideas for mechanics in play already. Don't tackle so much when you have so little done. Your story is completely worthless without good game play. Second example: Idea maker - ""So the main character is living a fantastic life in a great world. Everything is peaceful until one day the most beautiful woman in the land is kidnapped, and an evil sorcerer is planning to sacrifice her to destroy the country and take over the world. He is reluctant at first because he's just a simple man living his life, but soon an angel falls from the sky, struck down by the evil magic from the sorcerer. This angel happens to land in the village of the main character and in the angels dying breath gives the character a magical ability to make contact with heaven so they can send aid in time. At first the character refuses, why should he risk his life for such a journey? But eventually he realizes that without doing this the world may crumble, his family die, and the beautiful woman he has sought after sacrificed. As he leaves his town, his best friend, a doctor, accompanies him. Throughout the journey the doctor will save the life of the character multiple times and will serve as a connection to the world through moral ambiguity showing that the choices of the player has an impact on others eventually near the end the player will be forced to choose between saving his friend, or saving this woman and the world. This should be an RTS with a human faction, a sorcerer faction, and a neutral faction that sometimes interferes with the players work. In this example the the person with this idea I just made up had a solid start to a story, following the concept the Heros Journey very well. This would likely be great for a JRPG, instead for some reason they are focused in on the idea that this should be an RTS for some reason. How will the game play mechanics even help support such a story? Another example that can happen with example two on occasion is; ""This will play just like \*\*insert game\*\*"" Remember, when a game is created if it's too similar in game play to another game it will usually be overshadowed by that game (if that game was successful which most of the time the person writing it will choose the most successful example they can think of). If you have a great story idea, that's your idea. Don't worry about trying to figure out what kind of game play mechanics it should have just yet. This post isn't to say that you can't have well fleshed out mechanics and story already, but if you aren't confident with one or the other don't worry about it. Good stories can find homes in good mechanics whether it's someone else helping you or you just give up the story idea to whomever wants to run with it. Same with mechanics, the cool mechanics can be used or a story figured out later, just focus on what makes your mechanics different than other games.",1569533971
d7m4ie,"A fighting game where all the fighters are normal people (EX: Nerd, emo teenager, boss, etc)","This is an idea that I thought would be funny. I thought it would be funny if there was a Mortal Kombat esque fighting game, but it was with everyday normal people. Now that I’m typing it it does sound really stupid but..what do you guys think? Characters may include: - Nerd - Emo teenager - Mean Boss (for a job, I mean) - Mafia Boss - Gangster - Hot Chick - Elderly Woman - Annoying Customer - Chef - Body Builder - Bully - Chef - Store Clerk - Doctor - Janitor - Infant - Breakdancer - Furry I’m kind of just throwing ideas out, but I wanted to know what you guys would think.",1569129123
d0ut8z,a city survival game about insomnia.,"sleep is hard, and medicine is expensive, you play as a working class man, his job is an office worker, and you need to pay for normal expenses, as well as managing sleep, sleep is hard, it takes alot of staying in bed, medicine, and good atmosphere, if a party is anywhere near you are sure you wont be able to sleep, but the longer you stay awake, the worse it is, your vision darkens, and when you turn on the lights it becomes painfully bright, you have less energy, you are slower, and after a while, you start to hear and see things, will you stay up for weeks and face unknown horrors? monsters that seem to creep in the night? or will you pay for one more bottle for the chance of rest?",1567855309
d60cnz,"Platformer/Beat-Em-Up ""Bible Thumper""","Relive stories of beloved characters from the hit literary series ""The Holy Bible"" in stunning low definition 2D. Explore fun levels, play minigames, collect hidden trophies, and learn awesome combos that'll make your enemies yell ""Sweet Jesus!"" and unique finishers so brutal, you'd think it was Old Testament. Round up foxes and burn crops as Samson, Catch Baby Moses, Fill Noah's Ark, Punch Judas, Smite Sinners, Convert Nonbelievers to raise your soul points and steal them back from the Devil! There are many artifacts and over 200 golden foreskins hidden in the levels, can Abraham collect them all? Extra Hard Difficulty Exclusive: Oh No! The Devil got a time machine and brought Rock 'n Roll music from the 1950's to corrupt Job! Can anyone stop MechaJob from destroying Jerusalem and put him back on the right path? (This is where you finally unlock Jesus.) Fight challenging boss fights like Moses at the Red Sea, Donkey Jaw Samson, and the Devil himself! Can you defeat his seven headed dragon form? Darn right, you can! in Bible Thumper, God is always on your side!",1568824480
d9am9z,RPG disguised as a life sim,"So I just got this idea today. An epic, space, lovecraftian RPG game disguised as a life sim, kind of like how doki doki literature club was a horror game disguised as a dating game. The game starts out calm, and quiet, with you meeting all of the characters and getting familiar with the area, before it gets all crazy. Some characters turn out to be alien lizards, the whole city goes on lock down, and it's all due to this weird, space/lizard cult that's trying to summon a monster of space and time. Would any of you play this",1569450734
d35rtj,A mortal engines city builder style game,"If you don’t know, Mortal Engines is a book series by Philip Reeve (and a movie I guess) where people live on massive wheeled cities, attacking and “eating” smaller cities. Basically, you would be the mayor of what starts out as a small wheeled town, starting out eating junk piles and making your city bigger. Now, actual gameplay. The gameplay would be mixed between a bird’s eye view of your town while rolling around and managing resources and adding more places to the town, going into third person and walking around as a person in your town and flying an airship, scouting out edible things. The map would be Europe, although perhaps Asia would also be added. Anyway, that was my concept for *Mortal Engines, Golden Age.* I hope you liked it, feel free to ask questions and give feedback!",1568283208
czm6p0,Hack Attack,"Took this game idea from [THIS](https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/czfnh8/i_would_watch_the_heck_out_of_this/) post. It's a first person shooter where two teams of face off in a number of possible game modes. The catch however, is each team has two support characters using a purpose made scripting language to simultaneously buff allies, debuff foes and interact with the environment to change the flow of battle. Buffs would try and center around your traditional FPS game hacks like wall hacks and aimbots but you should also be able to debuff your opponent with things like dropping their shield or inverting their controls. The hackers should also be able to help by interacting with environmental barriers and hazards such as doors and remote turrets. Commands would have either a time limit or a cost and would have to be strung together for best effect. If only one command can be active at any given time you may want to give a player 3 seconds of wall hack and 1 second aimbot before closing a door so they can make their escape. I think the players would need to be ""remote piloting"" robots for the hacking aspect to make sense but this game would fit in really well with a cyberpunk motif. I am envisioning a control point game mode where points must be captured in sequence and the more territory the players control the more abilities the hackers have. Alternatively you could have an asymmetric game mode where its a few players and one hacker vs a larger group. Lots of blanks to fill in but I think its a solid concept.",1567609989
d495rr,A survival game where you're an immortal who progresses through the ages.,"Progress from stone age to future like Civilization or Empire Earth, but on a smaller more personal scale. You do the typical foraging and building stuff but once you have enough resources you can ""fast forward"" to the next age with new materials and enemies.",1568486448
d7q39p,"hold the fort, a game about dwindling resources.","you and your crew have found an abandoned fort, which is good because there are supernatural forces in the area, the fort luckily has many supplies in it, and you only need to survive for a month (that's just my placeholder) so in the game at first it seems that if you play your cards well you will have plenty of resources left at the end, and its far from that, very soon you will get desperate, by day 20 you are probably trying to make penicillin out of moldy bread, your people get infected very easily, you need quite a bit more medical kits then you have for everyone to be healthy, food is also limited too, and your crew will be weak with starvation after a while, ammo is limited, you will resort to crude spears, you may be tempted to kill a crew member, cannibalism is very unhealthy and demoralizing so it would probably be better to use their corpse as bait for the monsters, which is still demoralizing, but a lot less than eating their flesh yourself, i dont know what more to tell so ask me questions if you need to.",1569157186
d6yw9v,"[First Level] You're a worm escaping a downpour, but you've emerged onto a dance floor hosting a Macarena competition.",Any dance you can print on a mat as a set of footprints could be a level.,1569003474
d8u2qc,An FPS where no weapons are hitscan and everything is slow motion,"Every player would get, say, 7 seconds of normal speed to use up per round. This could be replenished by getting special kills.",1569361972
d8alei,a RPG where you have to talk your way out of fights.,"now i know this sounds like an Undertale ripoff but i will try to make the idea unique, in this game you control a person or party of people and you have to stop the dark lord from taking over the world (this is a placeholder plot), but instead of fighting you use charisma, enemies would have a persuaded meter, once you fill it they have full intent not to fight you, but they also have another meter, (yet to be named) which shows how long they will put up with you, you have different types of tactics, such as persuasion deception and intimidation, you also have equipment, a dark hood might increase deception, and a big sword might increase intimidation, there would also be subcategories of these types of charisma that can be contextual, like promising great wealth, or using someone held hostage as leverage, or convincing them that they should quit this job to follow their dreams, there could be spells, such as one that turns a minor weakness into a major one, and well, i think this is it for now, if you wanna ask questions or claim this is just capitalizing on the what if you didn't fight in RPG's popularization then feel free to do so.",1569263122
czyuy7,Nuclear Power Plant Simulator,The plant is full of people prone to making mistakes and you are the supervisor. You get a physical controller with the game (or it could be virtual) that is nothing but hundreds of buttons for your job’s tasks. You also use a microphone to shout at your idiot workers to keep them from causing nuclear disaster.,1567678457
d34tjk,Anyone got any unique movement mechanics they would want to see in a fps.,"Title says it all really, think Doom Eternal grappling hook super shotgun or Titanfall wall running",1568276301
daj33i,a platformer where you are blind. (kinda),"so in this game you play as Johny no eyes, a person who has only eyesockets and no eyes, and because of your lack of eyes you are blind, kinda, you see whenever you touch a still object it lights up, and becomes something you can see, such as a floor segment, a wall, or even a box, when the box is moved it will dissapear, but if you are the one to move it it will stay lit up, you can see enemies but only when they are making noise, and you can touch things with a cane to reveal things at longer range, the kind of game it would be would probably be a puzzle platformer, as an action one would probably be frustrating, and that's all i can think of for now, feel free to insult me.",1569692028
d092ls,Game that takes an idea from monsters inc.,I am thinking of a 2d game similar to forager but instead of stuff spawning and increasing ur island it is a 16 bit art style game where u can make a door and it leads to another dimension and you get resources from that dimension and explore it. Then you can make spells that summon bosses on the main island which can give more advanced doors. And if you lose you rewind 3 game days (30 minute per day). And with these doors you can make conveyors going in and out to transport stuff. Then you can build an empire and build insane creations.,1567728860
d6je64,Offline Raiding style game,"Hey everyone, been mulling this idea around for a while. I always liked the idea of MMO style raiding but as I got older I cannot really give the time commitment to do it like I used to. I know the scope is massive and it would be best to work one area at a time, so I'll try to list it out in an easy to read format. 1. Be able to zoom in and control a single player in the raid, or zoom out and control all raiders RTS style. 2. Each unit has an editable AI (probably in lua), maybe have tiers assigned to different AIs, experienced with the raid vs less experienced. 3. All raids are extensible and moddable, the point is to make the whole thing community based in a whole ""I made this raid impossible now try to beat it"" sort of thing. 4. Can pause and save the state of the raid at any moment, this is most important. 5. Allow for different kinds of battle systems (action or hotkey or tab targeting) and UIs, make UI extensible (also lua). Again this would help with growing a community so long as the community likes that sort of thing. 6. Open source so it's easy to mod and it can be alive for as long as the community wants it. Trying to keep the scope smaller with only having it single player, if it's multiplayer then it is subject to all the standard MMO criteria and really this is more or less an idea to have something with a Mario Maker kind of community behind it. I guess you could call it ""Raid Maker"" or maybe ""Raid Logging"" or ""Don't stand in the fire"" might be better choices for a name. It sounds fun to me, does it sound fun to anyone else?",1568923063
d75e7r,Squad-based FPS where each player controls an AI squad,"Not a dev, but I've been tinkering with an idea for a battlefield-style game but instead of 64v64 player games, a PVE co-op squad-based shooter with just 8 human players each with 3 AI squad mates. I could be mistaken, but to my knowledge AI enemies are much easier to throw lots of into a match as opposed to a bunch of players. So 8 players each leading 3 AI squadmates makes 32 combatants against a hypothetically endless number of AI enemies. For gameplay, instead of generic territory control, each map could be it's own operation with several smaller objectives needed to get to the end goal, and squads need to work together to balance number of squads handling each objective. 3-6 objectives can be tasked simultaneously such as attacking left flank, right flank, and front of an enemy frontline. Or for more specific objectives: a mortar team, AA emplacement, tank column, and a CQB-focused compound all need to be taken out. Taking out mortars makes infantry more able to move around, but taking the AA gun down will allow you to call in air support, reinforcements, MEDEVAC etc. Then, once all objectives are completed, one final objective starts which will require all squads to work together such as defending an area from counter attack or covering each other while falling back to an extraction. AI squad mechanics: Nothing too fancy, but competent AI squadmates that stick with the player permanently (squaddies dying in a match will just mean not getting to use them for the rest of the match), able to name them and give them their own load outs (sniper, anti-armor, CQB, machine gunner, etc). What do you guys think about this idea, does anything close to it exist already, and what are some of your suggestions for other sample objectives, mechanics or game modes?",1569036232
db8uso,"Okay, call me dumb, but...","What if we did an Observation™ and made more games where you play as an artificial intelligence? 1. Multiplayer games where you play as an AI, a group of human units, and maybe a special character or two (robot, super soldier, maybe animals if the dev team can work out the mechanics) that focus on completing missions similar to most FPS games out there. There could be multiple players playing as the AI to increase the brainpower, hacking systems while giving information to the ground units, and maybe piloting robots/spectating ground units. You can pull a CoD and make a story but it's actually good this time if you wanted to. 2. A story driven game where the AI has to do a thing. You can go many different routes, whether it be classic mystery games through the lense of an AI, or something akin to Person of Interest where the AI is now tasked with finding information to stop bad things from killing people. 3. A game that makes you feel something profound. A game that makes you think about what you've just witnessed. An AI (you) that has had to watch as all the people around it slowly die off due to their own actions, while no matter what you do to stop it ultimately is in vane. 4. Another SCP:SL game where everyone gets to do anything except what the game was made for, with the acception players making a few servers for serious gameplay. (See 1) This all may be done already, but I would really love to see something in the lines of this. I may even chip in and start designing concepts...",1569834770
daqncm,"A sci fi multi-galaxy multiplayer game like No Man’s Sky, where different gamemodes instead of being on different servers are physical galaxies that are separated only by distance","So for instance everyone spawns in just a hub galaxy, and you can travel at light speed in your ship to a PVP galaxy, or a factions galaxy, or just a peaceful galaxy with games like ship racing or whatever. Anyone can find a galaxy and establish what type it is, through some process. Everything’s based off basic rules like can you shoot people or not, can you own planets/systems, is there limited resources in the galaxy, etc. It’d take between 5-20 minutes or something like that to travel between galaxies, and you could see how many people are in each galaxy at a given time like any server. And like No Mans Sky it’d be so massive there are a lot of just empty systems, where you can just explore or do your own thing or fuck around with friends. In empty systems there are no rules about friendly fire or stuff like that. The biggest advantage of this type of game would just be immersion. Having everything in game would just be crazy. And even like factions servers, players can create as many factions they can and it can spill over into neighboring empty galaxies. Maybe one faction’s galaxy gets overrun by a huge Empire that becomes overpowered, so you start a new factions galaxy and it gets popular and people race to take over stuff and wage war. But you get tired of that so you head to a peace galaxy someone made and just organize something bizarre, like blowing up your ships in a certain order so it’s a fireworks show idek.",1569731556
czdmb9,Silent Hill: Reflection,"**Link:** [https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQcYSy2i2vsFw65nXe8qPWghiAfPT1c87roWMKLwd2LnvS0TVoDE08djSuVnB--yRujhS2OcRBxvahc/pub](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQcYSy2i2vsFw65nXe8qPWghiAfPT1c87roWMKLwd2LnvS0TVoDE08djSuVnB--yRujhS2OcRBxvahc/pub) &amp;#x200B; **Intro:** This is NOTHING more or less than a hypothetical brainstorm for fun, contemplating a vision for what the cancelled *Silent Hills* or a *Silent Hill* reboot in general could have been. Apologies for the length, I wrote it in-depth as if I were unprofessionally conveying a full project. The web-published document is linked below. I certainly don't expect many to take the time to read through it but any &amp; all feedback is welcome! Enjoy: 👍 **(Note: This is a re-upload, as I had some revisions &amp; additions I wanted to make)** **#InMyRestlessDreamsISeeThatTown**",1567558175
d6qhyo,A survival horror game based on willy wonka,"Ok get this you play a relative of charlie and you get news that the factory is going bankrupt and you go to factory to see what's going on but instead when you enter the factory you find it in shambles now you have to explore the factory, find charlie and see what's actually going on",1568958568
d8kb7l,A brawler/traditional fighter featuring only one character: Johnny Cash.,"The name of the game? Johnny Clash. Could feature selectable Johnny's at various points of his life; Young Johnny, Prime Johnny, Old Johnny, Rocker Johnny, Lover Johnny... Could also feature various stages; Prison, vegas, chicago, in front of the white house, the crossroads that's a few miles away from where he grew up, on top of his touring schoolbus, inside a ring of fire... Could feature a storymode, with Bruce Springsteen as the antagonist, who turns the Johnnies against each other.",1569314144
czagqu,Victorian Survival Horror Idea,"I'm wanting to develop this. I just want to know if this sounds like a decent idea before I continue my prototyping. SCOPE and DESIGN: It is a survival horror that takes place in the Victorian city of Rosendale. It is also known as the Purgatory, for that is exactly what it is. World size is going to be small, but open-world. 1 smallish town and a decently sized wooded area. I'd rather go small and well crafted than large and dull. Graphics are 3D and pretty much modern (screenshots if you'd like). Very little voice acting. Mostly mechanical sounds and buzzes for voices akin to Don't Starve, since I don't wish to hire voice actors ATM. It is always night in Rosendale. However, there is always a full moon. The full moon acts as ""day"" and enshrouds the city in soft moonlight. The moon will disappear by night's end but no sun will take its' place, leaving total, complete darkness. This is known to the residents as the ""Curfew"". The city itself, however, is powered by a large number of artificial lights made by its inhabitants, and for greater reason than just vision. They exist to ward off The Shadow Beings (The Shades). They are denizens of the dark. Maliciously clever and with diabolical motives, they cannot be reasoned with and are to be avoided at all costs. They exist to completely destroy all of the light. Thankfully, they cannot exist in the light, and are driven off by light source. Anyone caught in total darkness is left to a fate unknown. The shadow-like beings grow more bold and cunning as time passes, trying to destroy generators, rip cables, cast illusions, or do anything possible to render a location dark. Furthermore, once a location is completely dark, it is very hard to get it lit again, since the beings will destroy light sources brought back into the dark through means they've had time to prepare while the location was indeed pitch black. The Ravens are another NPC of note. It would be bold to assume they are just such however. Their eyes betray a cruel sapience. They actively work to keep the lights in the town running. They build servitors to scavenge the area and combat any quarry that dares to transgress upon their authority or limited hospitality. The Ravens were the original creators of the city, and thus take a strong dislike to the Residents there. They used to war violently against the humans and would still be doing so if it wasn't for the common threat of the shadow beings uniting them. The humans were fighting a losing battle before the shadows came, and are thus conflicted regarding whether or not to fight against the shadows, but they've decided that fighting with the Ravens and assisting them however possible could perhaps earn their stay. \[NPCS: 4 (Residents, Shades (Shadow Beings), Ravens, Servitors)\]. LORE: The lore was pretty much ironed out above, but it can also be summed up in the city's 12 virtues, a table of commandments presented to newcomers. The towns' human inhabitants all know its 12 rules by heart: [1.You](https://1.You) can fight, 2.That doesn't mean you should, [3.Be](https://3.Be) watchful of the Ravens. Don't assume they are such, 4.If they are too watchful of you, assume that something is awaiting you, 5.If they seem to be gathering, leave immediately, 6.Don't let complete darkness ever enshroud you; know its' sentience, 7. Do not trust other townsfolk with your life, 8.Only work with them to keep the lights running and thus the residents of the darkness kept at bay, 9. Don't become the quarry of any resident or Raven, 10. Watch what you eat. Curses and eldritch poisons do exist here, 11. Music can either soothe the mind or break the spirit, 12. Not every shadow has a caster, 13. \[missing\] …. It is common knowledge among the residents that a thirteen rule exists, but it has been long forgotten. Migraines and amnesia await anyone who contemplates it too deeply. I've prototyped a small level (originally for a friend), but this is the graphical quality you can expect if this game idea is liked enough: [https://imgur.com/gallery/tpjcY7w](https://imgur.com/gallery/tpjcY7w)",1567542933
d2bi3f,Jackbox-style combo-based puzzle game where each player gets 5 seconds to make a move on the board,"So this would basically be like Jackbox games, where players join a lobby to play with their friends, couch multiplayer style. Then, for games like Bejeweled, each player gets a turn to score points by making a single move. What other games would work in this style? Maybe something Angry-birds-style where players take turns shooting their character around to hit certain targets. For implementation, I think this would need to be done with websockets or WebRTC so all the players have all the state all the time. Graphics wouldn't have to be that fancy since the most entertaining part would be playing with your friends. Ideas? Thoughts?",1568138376
d7ihjb,A game taking place in an RPG that isn't melodramatic AF.,"This is something I've been tossing around that I may think about making. I feel like all the games that take place in MMOs (.hack, SAO, CrossCode, etc.) take themselves waaaaay too seriously, with lots of life-or-death scenarios, philosophy discussion, stuff that happens in the game affects the real world type stuff. I'd like to make one that just revolves around a group of friends just raiding and stuff. It would flip between the game and the real world, where the guild is just made up of close friends going to school together. Thoughts?",1569109277
dawkvk,Similar to Prison Architect but,"Instead of building a prison you build a University. Build dorms, classrooms, sport stadiums, etc., you could focus funds to becoming an athletic school or focus the budget on academics. As your school grows you can get promoted into different conferences, develop rivals who might challenge your recruiting and sabatoge part of your school on game days.",1569770799
dbivw1,"I'm looking to make a browser based game, anyone have any realistic ideas?",,1569879988
d1ilko,Need ideas for a mobile tap game,"I left game development a couple years ago and I want to make an casual game just because I like it, but can't come with any good ideas... Anything you'd like to share with me? Thanks!",1567984771
d8h020,Loop,"You wake up one day, like any other day, except you don't know who you are, you awake in a house with several rooms, but they are all empty - there is stuff in them, just no one occupying them. There are pictures of people you don't recognize, you see yourself in those pictures, so you can only assume that you are a family member of these people (Dunno how else to word it). You are about to head out the door when you see a note addressed to you titled ""Can't remember? Read this!"" In the note it details everything you are wondering about, and goes to explain ""this is normal, but eventually you will begin to remember and hopefully you will save yourself"". It says to go out, talk to people, and try to find a way out. You are left wondering ""a way out of what?"" but unfortunately the note doesn't explain that. You have a watch on your wrist that you can't get rid of, it just shows a count down rather than actual time starting from 24:00:00. You talk to people in the neighborhood, asking them if they know you. It seems like your name is (based on character gender - left blank intentionally). You learn about them as much as you can, but after maybe 5 questions, they just refuse to answer anymore questions. In fact, everyone starts doing this and you can't understand why. -skipping ahead- Murders happen, you are the suspect cause you were the last person to see them alive, and eventually someone stabs you from behind. You fall to your knees, the shadowy figure stands over you and says ""Finally, I found you. You deserve this."" then pulls out a dagger and plunges it into your chest. Your eyes close, darkness... Then you wake up in your bed just like the day before, you see the same note where it was when you first found it, you head outside and see the people who were previously murdered are alive. The watch is once again counting down from 24:00:00, but this time there is small lettering above it saying ""2nd Attempt"". Later on you avoid talking to anyone, but they still die, but in a different order, you stay away from the location you were stabbed, but later you are stabbed once again and told the same thing ""you deserve this"". And once again wake up in bed. You realize you are in a loop. The day just keeps repeating. Now you know what the note meant, find a way out of the loop. --the game-- Obviously you have to find a way out of the loop, but there's some things to note: - Each time you talk to people, new dialogue options become available, though are limited to 5 questions, they could expand to more rewarding answers, so use them wisely. - Skills you pick up along the way, you keep. So you can potentially learn every skill in the game. - As you discover new things about yourself and those in the pictures in your house, you will be treated to flash back memories. - Your name is dependent on your character gender but is also the seed. A new name equals a different set of events and the shadowy figure can be someone else. - The Day resets if you die in any way or the count down reaches 00:00:00. And every time the day resets, the number of attempts is shown on your watch. - You can do almost anything if you want cause the day will always reset, so steal if you want, kill if you want, save people if you want, etc. The game is however intended to be played in first person view. And I think having co-op or multiplayer would be a bad idea. How you get out of the loop? No idea. You have to find out.",1569292361
d1ych4,Need ideas for a simple VR Game,"Hi! This semester I will be attending a class on Virtual Reality and I want to develop a game. I'm open to ideas, but I want it to be simple: a casual, arcade-ish kind of game. Something like a platformer, puzzle solving, room exiting, funky simulator. It must also be something simple in terms of assets: something low poly or even with just basic geometry. And above all, it needs to be fun! If you do have ideas or a game that you've seen that matches this description, please leave a comment ;) Thanks! Cheers!",1568068455
d4n05u,DOT. A game about only one dot,"I got an idea to make a game about a dot. Only one dot. It would have levels and a tiny hint to how to solve the level. Each level has a dot in the center, the only thing on screen. What I'm asking is, what should, could and would you do to win the level and progress? For example, first level is tap on the dot, next one swipe the dot etc etc.",1568566121
d3qyuy,Priest/Christian themed weaponry?,Need some inspiration for priest themed weapons. Think on the lines of crucifix shurikens ect.,1568388848
d4fhb8,I guess it's a social mmo?,"DISCLAIMER: This is a huge rant and a potential way to fix the issues. Pretty much I just want a rework of an existing mobile game I absolutely adore playing. The game is Summoner's War. I love almost every aspect about it. ...**almost** being the operative word. I hate the micros, the way the dungeons for runes work, the Essence Dungeons. Basically I hate how its pay to win and I despise how shitty the RNG loot is. Pardon my language. So your first real ""milestone"" is clearing the Giants dungeon on Basement 10(GB10 for short). If you know nothing of the game, which I'm sure some might know it and most might not. You summon monsters, you clear maps to progress. Each map has a rune set attached to it, you can farm for runes to improve your monsters stats. The point of the game is to clear all PvE content and get as many of the monsters you can to venture into PvP. Here is where Summoner's War fails miserably. SW is a notoriously grindy game. It takes forever to grind and evolve monsters. It takes AGES to get a decent rune, let alone a high quality rune from any dungeon. And here's why. In the Cairos Dungeons(Where Giants Keep, Dragon's Lair and Necropolis are), you can farm for runes. But the sheer fact is, runes arent the only available reward. You can get Rainbowmon(evolution unit), multiple Rune sets of varying Rating and quality, Mystical Scrolls(summoning item), Symbols for rune crafting, and rune peices and I believe magic dust. So there are 10 Levels to each Rune Dungeon. Each level gets harder as the number increases. B1 easiest, B10 being hardest. As you get higher, runes drop less frequently due to the addition of Rune Peices/Magic Dust, 2 Star and 3 Star rainbow mon, and Symbols for crafting runes. So, not only does the game revolve around runes, and the necessity of them to get better. It limits the pool in which they are obtainable by fucking over the loot pool. Pardon my language. I wont bother going into the vast amount of detail because it will turn this rant into an essay, but if someone asks for more info on why its bs...I'll gladly explain. But, the simplest fix for not just the Rune Dungeons, but also the Elemental Essence Halls, would be to add in another set of 3 dungeons. There are currently 3 different Symbols used for crafting runes along side the magic dust and rune peices. Harmony, Tansendence and Chaos. All they need to do is work in 3 more dungeons, 1 for each Symbol and add in the generic Mystical Scroll drops and take the rune peices from every other dungeon, and the magic dust from all but the ""Hall of Magic"" and put them in the new Harmony Halls. On top of that, they need to rework the star rating of the runes you get per Basement Level. B1-3 Should be 2 and 3 star runes with a chance at 4 star runes. B4-6 Should be 4-5 Star runes with chance at 5 star runes. B7-9 Should only be 5 Star with a chance at 6 star runes. And now you're probably wondering ""What about B10 then?"" Heres what also needs to be fixed. The rarity of the runes can be(worst to best) White, Green, Blue, Purple Orange. B7-9 shoukd drop Blue and Purples with a minor chance at Orange. B10 should only be 5 and 6 star runes of Purple and Orange quality with a minor chance at a Blue. When I said it takes ages to get a decent rune, that's because there are 6 slots you can equip a rune to, and each dungeon can drop like 5 or 6 different Rune Sets. It's a little more complicated than how I'm going to word it, but basically... You can farm for 2 months on end and only get two high quality runes, and even then it may not be for the monster you are trying to build. You can be farming for a Fatal slot 2 and never get a decent one, but those 2 high quality ones can be 2 completely different rune sets that can be used on another monster you dont have or havent put time into building. The Ideal drop rate for this whole rework would be this. Total loot pull drop rates for Rune Dungeons 55% for runes. 20% rainbowmon 15% for 1 Mystical Scroll 10% For 2 Mystical Scrolls That 50% would be further broken down into a 60% chance to be the lower Star rating, 25% chance to be the Middle star rating, 15% chance to be the higher star rating. If there is no mid star rating, it would be a 50% for both the Lower and Higher star rating. --- that last bit probably doesnt sound right but I'm tired so yeah. I do apologize for this post, but I wanted to rant especially incase some Dev from Com2Us lurks around here for some reason. A man can hope... Despite that fact, and a few other gripes I have about the game. It is fun, hence why I adore it so much. And I hope y'all decide to try it our for yourselves :) Either way, thanks for reading my rant ♡♡",1568519090
d5gxly,VR MP Sword Duel (mechanics in description),"There are reasons you currently can't make a good VR sword fighting game in VR and I think I have a design that would resolve at least some of them. It's a sci-fi setting. The weapons are energy swords and your body is a floating orb (player headset). Both the sword and orb are powered by internal generators which control locomotion and damage/shielding (sword/orb respectively). What this means is that the damage output of your sword is higher the slower it moves. And your head (the orb target) has more damage resistance the less it moves. If one energy blade passes through/makes contact with another, they both short out for about 2 seconds (simulating blocking without having to physically stop the opponent). Your orb (head tracker) would work similarly. It takes energy to move the head around, so moving quickly drains backup power which is used for a defensive shield. If you move around a lot, dodging attacks, you will take more damage if you get hit. Duck to avoid a hit, but for the next 5-10 seconds you will take double damage until shields recharge. What you would get would be a sword fighting game where control and tactics offer more advantage than speed. Fights would be more slow and methodical than just rapidly waving a sword around. The ""speed limit"" of objects would be determined by both balance testing and what online connections can handle. Gameplay can't be too slow though otherwise it will almost guarantee a boring stalemate.",1568726641
d8r58u,A zombie game during the Black Plague era,"Basically my idea was to make it so the Black Death was a zombie apocalypse. You would only turn into a zombie if you are killed by one. There would be no major cities or settlements (ok maybe there would be a few), there would be villages and settlements. The zombies produce an essence that would weaken you (make you tired and not as productive, making it easier for the zombies to kill you) so you would have to either find some herbs to keep you awake, or go to a plague doctor or merchant. As for story I’m not really sure, it might have to do with finding a cure or trying to kill off/survive the infection. Feedback would be nice and appreciated, thanks",1569349247
d4z8xm,Dungeon Raid Simulator,"**Idea** A group of adventurers, assembled of tanks, healers and damage dealers, tries to take down the enemies and bosses living in a dungeon. Sounds familiar? Here's the point: Instead of controlling your own individual character (micro) you are the raid leader and command the whole group (macro). Which targets should be prioritized? Kill healers first or try to keep them stunned until the others are taken down? Which way to go? What areas are particularly dangerous (think of a dragon who's about to burn the floor in front of him)? Offense or defense? **Mechanics** I like the general idea of [Delicious Complex (LD 33)](http://ludumdare.com/compo/ludum-dare-33/?action=preview&amp;uid=2982) but want to take it a step further. The group consists of specific archetypes who try to do their job (Tank, heal, damage). They don't need to have hundreds of abilities, 1-2 specific abilities next to the basic attack should be enough. Healers might use their 2 spells to heal and shield the party on their own, and the tank tries to stun and keep the enemies from attacking the rest of the party. The player does not have control over any specific character. He should provide external hints and commands on the map and the AI controlled characters try to sort it out themselves (pathfinding, steering behaviours, basic state machines). Possible commands would be ""Go here"", ""Prioritize this enemy"", ""Avoid this area"". Maybe the player could cast a few spells: Mass healing, stun everything in a radius etc., just something to do if things start to go wrong and intervene in the battle. I want to keep the AI and the gameplay mechanics as simple as possible to get the job done with some ""relatively simple"" behaviors. The AI should be able to handle basic movement, attacking and positioning. Nothing more, but nothing less. It doesn't need to be perfect nor super smart. At this point I'm stuck. I don't know if that will be enough to keep the player engaged in the gameplay, and the AI will basically dictate if the game is boring (ai too smart), frustrating (ai too dumb) or fun (just right). For graphics: Everything from basic shapes and colors to full-on 3D should work. Any brainstorming ideas to help me with that concept or even links to similar concepts are appreciated.",1568632821
dbq7yf,A VR ski jousting game,A game in which 2 players ski down a slope from opposing sides and go up their own ramps and meet in the air in the middle and try to get the other player to not stick the landing on the other player's ramp. Maybe have a longer slope with smaller ramps and you can do tricks that give you modifiers like extra speed or strength. Stuff like that.,1569917800
dbtkkx,Any game ideas based on the theme of birdwatching?,"I want to make a game based on the theme of birdwatching to impress a girl that likes to do that. My idea right now is to play an Egg Thief that wants to make omelets out of every kind of egg in the world. The gameplay is similar to egg-stealing in Monster Hunter, where you visit different settings &gt; observe the bird's behavior pattern &gt; sneak up to grab the egg when its not looking &gt; run away as you are being chased. But I want to hear what more interesting ideas that you guys can help me come up with!",1569937333
d224hj,STORY idea - double subversion (kind of),"This is just a lone story idea which would need a whole game built around it (in a way): The ""subversion"" is in how many games seem to have problems of repetitive boss battes, and also many games seem to have a problem with lack of focus regarding the main baddie. So this ""story"" idea is about: 1. All of the boss battles are just the player fighting over and over again against the main baddie, from the start till the end (subverting the idea/expectation of ""boss variety"") 2. While at the same time, the boss is on a journey sort of parallel to the player's one. Meaning, every place the player arrives at, the main antagonist has already been there and done everything he needed to do in that place, and all the quests/tasks the player does, are a result of that. For example, the standard boring ""please kill these goblins"" is now ""please kill these goblins because since main baddie was here two days ago, and he massacred all of our city guards, there's nobody else to do that"". So you can take many of the standard silly quests and redress them a bit into a form that turns them from stupid gaming tropes into actual logical situations that add up to building up of how dangerous the main antagonist is. And this is precisely why a game would need to be built around this idea, it's whole story. The player would constantly need to be on desperate race to catch up with the main antagonist who's always few steps ahead, and the quests player does are just putting out fires that are consequence of arriving to the place a bit too late, a bit after the antagonist already did everything he wanted there. But now, the second part of the subversion: games where you repeatedly fight the same boss(es) over and over again tend to have their boss battles become boring due to repetition of their movesets. In this case, however, the boss battles would be mechanically like fighting the previous boss PLUS a wholly new boss, each time. Because the main baddie is levelling up just as the player, so each time in each next fight, he looks the same, is the same person (set dressing). BUT his actual moveset gets expanded with a a set sizeable enough for that new part alone to be a separate boss in some other game. Meaning this whole kind of game would need to be fully built around the relationship of protagonist and antagonist, story-wise as well as mechanically. It's kind of set up to be used in a Witcher 3-like type of ARPG, you travel through the world, hunting the main baddie from the start till the end, arriving everywhere a bit too late, doing quests that are always a consequence of you arriving a bit too late and thus not having been able to prevent the baddie from doing what he wanted to do, then fighting him when you catch him for a moment, or when he waits for you, thinking that THIS TIME he's finally strong enough to defeat you, and each time it's the same person naratively and graphically, but mechanically he's the amalgam of everything he had before PLUS a whole moveset of a whole new boss... Which, in the end, would create a player feeling of epic long pursuit/hunt/duel spanning multiple fights, containing difficulty gradation until the last fight where the player, also fully leveled up, fights a character which contains the insanely large combined moveset of what would otherwise be 10 separate bosses, but since the player was only boss-fighting this single character all the time, the learning curve was still reasonably gradual. So even though the fight seems insane for a bystander/observer, and feels incredibly epic and cool and personal for the player, it's still manageable for a person who actually went through the whole game. Yes, it's a pretty random and small idea, but why not put it up here. I'm aware it's just an idea about one tiny (although central) aspect of a game, instead of being an actual usable design, don't worry ;) Funny thing is, it seems pretty obvious, but I haven't encountered it any game so far.",1568086625
d1bvbi,survival game idea (kinda a shower thought),what about a survival based game with sandbox like building and liner progression were you start with a rock kinda like rust but you have to find way to use it like chiping on other rocks to make different tool (axe spire etc) and you start out cutting down small trees to make better tool (maybe for handles for the rock to make them more useful) and start making a make shift shelter with the the small trees (like overhang or branch tepees) maybe make clay deposits for making better shelters (such as making bricks and drying them on the ground) or even making a oven from clay for cooking maybe fish and maybe a farming system? for a different way to get food (maybe end game like thing) and the hole point to the game is to get to a point were you can support more people and then invite them to your homestead and built like a small tribe? with ranking system,1567954330
d5n98j,Game for College,"In one of my college courses, the teacher asked us to conceptualize and create a game by turning it into something real. However, it has to take inspiration from elements of these three topics: Game of Thrones, surrealism and the medieval world. I would love to hear from you guys what kind of elements and aspects would you love to see, what kind of game, etc.. I want to point out that I'm not trying to get you to make the work for me, but during my research the main advice I found on google was to ""Ask People What They’d like to Play"" and I thought this was the best way to get some feedback from people",1568754479
db6yau,An Impactful Formation System in a Traditional RPG,"What if you could set up different formations for your party in a traditional, turn based RPG (e.g. Pokemon, most Final Fantasy titles, Dragon Quest, Earthbound/Mother, the Mario RPG spinoffs, etc.). To elaborate, you could (likely while on the field, possibly mid battle) change the way your characters are organized to add a new layer of strategy to a battle. You could set it up with one guy in the front taking all the damage, the rest behind him. You could have it so that two characters are fighting up front, each with someone behind providing support. Maybe you'd prefer to have most of your guys in the front, with the last guy in the back charging up a super powerful attack or providing support. Certain weapons or forms of attack would work depending on where that character was in the formation (e.g. you can't stab someone from the back row, but you can shoot the enemy with a bow); maybe some forms of attack have downsides depending on your positioning (e.g. hurting the person in front if you when uding fire magic on the enemy). Does anyone know of a game that does this? Any thoughts about it?",1569821081
d18gmr,Wario ware battle royale,"Is as stupid as it sounds, a 50 man battle royale game, but in order to win you must be the last person to to survive an endless onslaught of microgames. with every amount of player lost, the game speed gradually gets smaller. perhaps they are ways to rigged other players, but i have no idea how without it being borderline unfair. bonus since i tend to focus on game arts, i imagine japanese TV game show aesthetic something loud, flashy and stupid.",1567931792
d40m8q,"Loosely based on a actual events; this is a game about smuggling covert data, think Mirror's Edge, except on hard drives attached to racing drones.","Based on this news post titled [Anti-Putin politician facing Kremlin raid uses drone to fly hard drives away before government officers can get them](https://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/comments/d3u76t/antiputin_politician_facing_kremlin_raid_uses/), you control racing drones for a clandestine data smuggling syndicate. The totalitarian government is cracking down on illicit drones and control the skies above with sensitive radar, so smugglers have to fly low and fast through narrow cityscapes teeming with traps and armed police drones. Missions start slow, with the player sneaking through the city past sentries and cameras. However, as soon as you're spotted, the music kicks in and you just have to absolutely *book it* for the rest of the route. There are several different kinds of police drones which encourage you to use different tactics: * Tracker Drones keep a close tail and follow your exact path. They're the ones that tell other drones your precise location, so getting them off your tail is vital. However, since they're huge and follow your exact path, you can make them crash by flying dangerously since they'll clip against things you barely missed. * Gunner Drones shoot projectiles along your predicted path. You see their aim as red lines like the tanks in Arkham Knight. This discourages you from flying in a straight line whenever they're around. * and others... The story is about uncovering some grand government conspiracy, [Johnny Mnemonic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uwl5MBzTCRQ) style but cheesier. Turns out the government is secretly run by AI or something sinister like that.",1568435326
d09ipz,"""Escape from the Master"" a game that combines deathrun from Gmod and tower defense","This is actually something that I saw in a dream today, pretty cool. * Game played by escapers (about 10-20 players) against one or a few masters. Lasts between 20-40 minutes. * Objective of the game is for the escapers to reach the end of the map avoiding all the minions and traps set up by the master. Escapers lose if they run out of health or time. Masters mustn't let the escapers escape (not sure if it's just one or a set amount). * Escapers spawn in a long map with many sections and branching paths, containing secret rooms with loot, boss rooms (which if defeated will you grant you cool stuff, more of on that later) and checkpoints. A lot of the sections of the map and different paths spawn differently every time the game is played. * In dishonored's fashion there's multiple ways to traverse the same path, underground, in an air duct, etc. * Masters are demi-gods which protect their shrine against the peasants and sacrilegious looters, you must not let them reach the end! Thankfully you have a lot of money and crazy super powers which will make your job easier. You can supersize yourself, make yourself tiny, teleport, or if you want just take a normal stroll through the map as usual. * First of all you have a ""cyberspace"" view, which unlike the bird's eye view (you view the level from above), cyberspace view allows you to see the entire level from below, (sort of like when you're facing an out of bounds glitch and fall from the level). When you activate this ability you take a deep ""dive"" into the floor and appear below it. * You can see all the information you need like players which have been spotted by your minions, a group of players (a group is instantly noticeable when you activate this mode) and using a teleport to a short distance. The more you stay in this mode the more players you can notice, the only problem is you allow the escapers to use their precious time for free. ([quick sketch](https://i.imgur.com/j6i4gXp.png)) * Masters have money, they can use it to buy minions, traps and place them in specific spots on the map to stop the escapers. * Secret rooms and divisions are not detectable to the Master meaning the players can't be seen in them. * Boss room is a special type of room that escapers can access and get a choice between a super power or unlocking a new path in the map. In my dream I saw that accepting super powers gave you red oranges or weird fruits???? anyway, it can be something like temporary invisibility, increased running or climbing speed, higher resistance, etc. * Example of a boss: ""The Cursed Queen"". The door to the room is slightly open, if you try and open it she will scare you shitless and closes the door. You need to enter with a blindfold and defeat her using only sound. * Escapers in general are weaker than minions but they can be killed quickly if approached from behind or sneakily. * Good loot like melee weapons or guns are rare and are severely limited in usability. They're only good for self-protection. Most items are support items like bandages and the like. Other escapers can heal you much quicker compared to doing it yourself. * Masters can intervene directly against escapers, they can stun them, give them a big wack to the face or poison them. Generally you never want to face a master at all costs. Masters can pick up a fallen escaper's loot (a minion can do it instead too) and convert that to money. * Types of minions: 1. Zombies - Slow, dumb, terrible vision and hearing, but bite you hard if approached, scary in numbers, stationary, 1/5 rating. 2. Goons - Armed, attack the player directly if they find you, patrolling behavior. 2/5 3. Monitoring Security Guard - In a hard to reach room, watches the security cameras and reports to the master to know the whereabouts of the escapers, works in a pretty big radius 4/5 4. Trained Dog - Can detect the player if it's hidden. Combines well with goons, patrolling 3/5 5. Automatic Towers - Immediately fires the escapers if seen, high resistance, can be easily turned on from behind 4/5 6. Assassins - attack the escapers in the worst timing, hard to flee from them 5/5 * Traps (didn't elaborate on this much, this didn't even appear in my dream): 1. False rooms - hurt you in some way when you enter them. 2. bear traps 3. more --- And that's about it, it was a very interesting dream and I'm amazed this much detail appeared in it. What do you think?",1567731234
d3iq6j,Validating a mobile phone game idea. :),,1568342316
d2qyap,Spore and Pokemon hybrid in Alchemical world,"While Spore lets you continualy develop your highly customizable monster, pokemon lets you catch and fight those monsters. Why not to combine both? You are an alchemist novice in a world where alchemist are able to create many alchemical creatures acompaniing them. You start with very simple clay pile creature and continualy develop it into new form, you can get more of those starting creatures but at the beggining, you have just one. You gather materials and knowledge. There is a tech tree of modifications you can give to your creature, basicaly same as in spore you unlock new body parts that you can add to your creature but those body parts are modifiable in its shape, size and color. To unlock those modifications, you need to colect knowledge in scrolls. You colect them by following the story or by fighting with other players. When fighting with player both of you can offer something as a bet, money, material or knowledge, who wins gets the prize. The player that lose does not forget the knowledge already known but he has to share it with the winner. To develop your creature you dont only need knowledge but also material, material is colectible in enviroment. Your creatures have elemental abilities like pokemon creatures. Various parts modify their health, speed, strenght, special attack, mind and so on. Various body parts exclude each other so player cant make creature with all elemental abilities. Battles are in realtime, the whole game is mmorpg and could contain another crafting and rpg content.",1568211823
d3735d,Jesus Christ and Neon Genesis Evangelion style mecha fights.,Some kind of game where you are Jesus and God drops you on a planet far away from earth right before his death in his grave to save him from humankind and he lands on a planet full of mechs and things like that and then has fight to survive and get back to earth to kill his nearly-murderers.,1568290871
d0g05k,I need a game idea that makes use of online scoreboards,"I need to make a game that makes use of an online scoreboard for a school assignment, preferably something simple but I still want to make something unique. I'd also like it if the idea allowed me to use the scoreboard scores to impact the gameplay visually in some way. Any ideas?",1567772949
cz3u4e,A cartoonish frogger-type game where you are a bug trying not to get stomped on by people in different public places.,"Different bugs have different “super” abilities that can affect the people. For instance, one ability can be upgraded to the point of literally knocking people on their ass, but with a limit. The people range from super aggressive stompers to deathly afraid runners. There could even be “bosses” at the end of each level. Maybe you have to collect things in the boss area, challenging you to get past him and into certain tough-to-get-to spots.",1567511633
czuwjb,A tactical siege game reversed,A single player strategic game (incredibly similar to doorkickers) where you play as the bad guys defending an area. Like terrorists getting surprised by seal team six or something. See if you have the strategy to survive.,1567651334
d4nez3,Dejavu the game,"So think of the film ground hogs day, where every time the clock turns to 6:00 am it’s the same day again. If he dies, he wakes up again, etc. eventually in the film he starts using this to his advantage For instance the character receives 1 piano lesson until he’s a master He memorized every detail of every persons life in a cafe He learned how to sculpt He learned French Etc. At one point he memorized how someone in a bank van turns around for a short period of time so that he can steal a money bag full of cash He relived that same day so long that he can do all this stuff. Imagine this as a game #Heres how it could work I say that the world would be a large world with the same starting point each time, but because of certain physics and AI behavior, every time you reload it, the same thing occurs. The only thing that changes is what you do. For instance at any given point you could give 10 dollars to a homeless guy which makes him go to a gas station to buy a bag of chips, thus changing the outcome of the lives of the cashier, etc. Day cycles last 6 hours and any items you acquire during this time are removed from your inventory the next time you wake up. However, any skills you obtain are kept. For instance if you win the lottery and buy a car, drive it for the next hour, your driving stat will improve but you’ll still lose your car. Your spawn point can be changed by sleeping but you by default respawn the last place you slept. Every NPC is a real person so to speak similar to how in watchdogs you can scan any person to find out their career and bank account. So you can rob someone and their wallet will always say “Rob” and contain 328 dollars, but that’s about as much as that person has in terms of depth. Some other NPCs like homeless have dozens of chains of convos you can have. For instance you could ask them how they are, then treat them to lunch and they’ll tell you stories while you eat, etc. #Skills One goal would be maxing out your skills, some of the ones I can think of would be intelligence which increases the length you have to respond to NPCs asking you stuff and the variety of things you can say Charisma affects how consistently NPCs respond in a way. With high charisma, nice interactions almost always warrants nice responses. With low charm you might get slapped for complimenting someone for instance. To be clear, a charisma level of 3 will always warrant the same response from Todd Clark for instance, but if you spoke to to Wendy Lee you’d get a different response. The level just effects on way NPCs respond a certain way. Their response isn’t random. Driving might make cars easier to handle Stuff like this #Plot There’s no real plot but it’s heavily implied that you’re living in a high tech simulation and somehow you are the only person with free will Every now and then you’d be given desynchronization points where you can change fundamental parts of the game, like the climate, the color of your skin, politicians in charge, etc. and everyone in the game will behave as though this is how things always were This means that you can change people’s attitudes as a whole by making things cold, some NPCs might call you racial slurs and start fights if you’re a certain race in a certain region, the current mayor might affect people’s attitude toward littering or stealing or whatever People wouldn’t know you did this and things would still be the same simulated behavior each time until you changed people’s interactions. It allows you to experience different walks of life So for instance Todd Clark the cashier might follow you around the store if you’re a minority but leave you alone if you’re white, and you’d be able to change this racial characteristic if you find a desynchronization terminal. Or Dayshaun Jones might be hostile towards you if you aren’t black BECAUSE of this, Jen Summers might be a hardcore supporter of the current mayor, but if you change up the politicians in charge she might spray painted over a billboard of another mayor. #NPC behavior This is a fairly complex thing because every NPC is supposed to behave more or less as it’s own person, but here’s my idea 2 personality traits per character with varying levels of commitment to this trait, and one passion where the AI will respond to a stimulous accordingly For instance Todd Clark might be very defensive meaning if you say something remotely offensive you’ll be roasted for it, but he’s also all bark no bite so if you assault him he’ll run. He also might offer support to anyone seen crying, but only if they’re crying in a populated environment Stephen Smith however might be silent if you insult him and just fight you if you assault him, and he will pick fights with anyone seen littering You could write a spread sheet if things like the likelihood of calling the police, whether they stop to pet dogs, whether they’re racist, if they’ll listen to people who are selling stuff at the street corner. Then you just randomly have an AI assigned to 100,000 character models randomly located around the map, and that becomes the game. Each time you load the game Todd Clark and Stephen Smith follow the same route and interact with the same people UNTIL the player changes their day drastically like for instance you beat up Todd Clark and send him to the hospital. That or they interacted with a terminal and changed the entire world’s political climate or weather or whatever causing a slight difference of everyone’s behavior. #Map The map would be a dramatically downsize version of maybe Phoenix or whatever. Models would be rendered in as the game needs them and load how they are supposed to be at a certain time of the day. So for instance if you were in one district and traveled to another, the old district would be unloaded, but if you travel back I one hour it would load back up as if you never left. This would keep things from being as intensive as it would need to be to have a large map with 100,000 complex NPCs #Disclaimer I’m not a game developer, this sounds impossible with modern tech and probably is, but I wouldn’t be surprised if it’s technically possible",1568567918
d5nkor,What are some good ideas for platformer video game worlds that haven't been done yet?,"Trying to get ideas for a game of mine. Aside from the typical ""Beach, snow, grasslands, lava, forest"", what are some ideas for video game worlds that haven't been done yet or aren't very common?",1568755897
d64qlf,An Unusual Strategy Game?,"When I was working today, I was thinking a lot about the video game series Romance of the Three Kingdoms and remembered Three Kingdoms. I love the Romance mode was inspired by the book and the real figures were super-powered beings. I was playing Game Dev Tycoon for a Historical Strategy game and came out with 'Romance of the States' which got me intrigued. What if there was a romanticised version of the American Revolutionary War? Where the generals of the US, Britain, French etc had some sort of power? And being based on the gameplay of ROTK, you could create your own general for a chosen side and do your part in the war creating bonds with other generals and characters. Have a family and govern. Maybe if you become a powerful enough General...what if you could either betray your chosen side to turn the tides? Or leave them both with the army you amassed and make American yours? And if it ever became popular, there would be an expansion for the American Civil War. Pick a side, be independent to fight both sides (even settle new lands yourself) and of course, the generals would have powers too like a general firing a revolver that blasts out fire bolts or something. Able to single handly fight many soldiers. I don't know, it may not work like it does for Chinese Mythology but I thought it seemed like a cool idea. I whipped something up quick to show a cover. I am not a graphic designer, wanted to try and represent more like the natives and other people but wasn't worth the effort. https://imgur.com/iCQx2Dh What do you all think and what ideas do you have if you could make a strategy game of any genre that seems unusual but could be plausible?",1568845918
d1rw0b,Couch multiplayer,If you have any couch multiplayer (preferrably versus) game ideas that you would like to share I would greatly apprechiate them! I really like the pixel art style so if you have ideas using that I would really like to hear them!,1568040532
d2xllg,Ghost Hunting Game,"Hello everyone, let me do a small introduction of myself, I'm 20 years old and I have worked with a few different game engines. Started off in pure Java, moved onto GameMaker and now use Unity. One thing I struggle with is game ideas. This is where my Grandma comes in - she has never played video games before, but I still put her through hell, trying to get her to think of ideas. And she came up with this wacky ghost hunting mobile game. All I need is your input and ideas to help develop this into a thought out idea. Basics: Set in different levels (her idea was different rooms in a house. Kitchen, bedroom, basement.. etc) Gameplay: Ghosts can cause different things to happen in the room. You have to catch the ghost. In some rooms there could be more than one ghost but you have to catch the correct one. The ghost could occasionally show itself so you can catch it or you could lure it out by finding hints about it's previous life by examining the room. Would love to hear your input on this and more ideas to progress it further. I've been lurking on this reddit for a while. Thanks!",1568238394
d0o59q,Active Ragdoll Sandbox,"I just really want to see someone attempt to recreate the Euphoria physics system from NaturalMotion, which basically makes ragdolls that can stand and walk using physics via a muscular system, as well as reacting to their environment (obstacles, being hit with an object). I know that would be really complicated, but it has to be possible, right? I mean Euphoria exists, so it is possible... just extremely hard to do.",1567811174
d87auz,A little idea for an open world Viking game,"Imagine, an open world Viking game, Where you can raid ships for loot, companions and women, where you can be literally whoever you want, with Heavy and satisfying combat, and soundtrack literally made entirely of Heilung.",1569249064
d7wdm7,An FPS game where everyone's invisible.,"In this hypothetical game, you spawn in a lobby of about 10 in a small map. Your goal is to kill all of your enemies and me the last one standing - however, everyone's invisible. There will be ways to roughly locate an enemy, like: • The sound of their footsteps, • Their footprints (sandy or snowy maps), • A trail of blood if they have previously been hit, • A muzzle flash will be visible when an enemy fires their gun. You have to locate and dispose of enemies while simultaneously being as sneaky as possible to prevent players from, quite literally, following in your footsteps.",1569185640
d6lutw,"A car racing game (like NFS) but adult rated. Add hot models, sick customisation, pimp to the core, low riders, classics, etc.","TL;DR : Make a steamy adult rated car racing game with customisation of NFSU2 or better, stunts you can perform like Pimp my Ride, no shame in showing off hot models, fun side activities to partake in, etc. This idea eventually hit me while playing the NFS Payback (i know, outdated). Eventually like everyone else I started to experience the repetitive nature and boring (good Lord, so boring) storyline, and it got me thinking. It'd be nice to have a car game that's fantastic on the street racing aspects as well as with the sexualized (or I'd rather say make it steamy enough) with car models, DJ booths to show off the car, magazine reps to earn (yea, NFSU2 style) and customise your ride to the point it's ridiculous (i mean interior lights, neons and what not). Would be nice if Rockstar were able to make this with their reputation to go crazy and maybe live up to the name of Midnight Club in literal sense. PS. This is solely an idea. And no I'm not a horny teenager. A happily stable normal guy who loves cars with just a bit of fantasy that I've wished to experience a side of the auto World that you'd normally see on magazines. Open for discussions. Feel free to explain why would this idea be wrong in any way you feel like. Let's discuss this like gentlemen.",1568934055
da2o4k,"City builder based in the treetops, think kashyyk in KOTOR.","You'd have to adapt the size and shape of your tree society based on the size of the tree and it's branches, maybe being able to grow it larger as a form of progression. The area under the tree might be able to be used for risk/reward resource collection, think the scavaging missions in frostpunk.",1569600959
d4b7s4,Lifestyle MMORPG where everyone relies on time as a currency.,"Tl;dr: *In Time* movie meets *Eve Online*, with some *Monster Hunter* and *No Man's Sky* vibes thrown in. Idea came to me this morning as I randomly recalled the 2011 movie, *In Time* (and the subsequent iPad game). In the movie, people are able to see how much time is left before they die by looking at their arm, and can literally spend their time as currency, or take it from others. My idea is to take that basic premise and turn it into a MMORPG game set in a futuristic, spacefaring society. There is no paper currency, no credits; only time, and how much of it you have left. Your character can choose a major background as their ""class"": are they children of the working class, born into limited resources? Are they Peacekeepers, protecting the world from itself, and occasionally spearheading colonization efforts to other planets? Or are they members of high society, in charge of managing business, and offering pay to other players for specific tasks? (Personally, I think there should be a limit, based on ratios, as to how many ""born rich"" players there can be; not everyone can be a tycoon, but anyone can certainly work towards that.) Everyone can take missions, ranging from protection/assassination of a VIP, to exploring, to trading/conquering/colonizing new planets. Every mission grants more time, and every new resource brought in has a time price. Every new planet has unique challenges: some are highly civilized, and offer weapons, sustenance, or even ships as commodities; some are barren of intelligent life, and ripe for building efforts or terraforming; and others are converted into hunting grounds, where you can hunt small creatures for food, or humongous animals that can be sold off to the highest bidder. Thankfully, people can enter stasis whenever logging out instead of natural sleep: their characters are safe, their time doesn't decrease (unless their business is tanking), and they can re-enter the world whenever they feel like it. But stasis pods are not easily affordable, either... I really want this game to have that ""time attack"" sense of urgency, and force players to be frugal. Bad business decisions can put a huge dent in even a rich player's time pool, but good ones can see anybody begin rising to the top. I want to maximize player agency, while also making sure that everyone understands and really *feels* the harsh penalties of literally betting with their life. I want the players to feel like they're in a realistic world, where they're actually making decisions to work with or against NPCs and other players, and exploring a universe they can make their own. It's... a ridiculously ambitious idea, to put it mildly, but that's what this sub is for, right? But even Warframe went from a barebones loot game to having such a rich storyline and tons of customization options. Let me know your thoughts!",1568496027
d5c8i1,Br game with 2 stages,I dont know if this is a thing or not but here is a br game separated into 2 stages. Stage 1:there is lets say a missile coming to the map and you must find a way to survive in like a basement or closet or fridge(Indiana Jones Reference) . In stage 2 you have to gather weapons and supplies after the missile hits and you have to fight the rest of the people with the loot you find. Acting as a circle there could be gas or something from the missile.,1568696160
d49k58,"An RTS where instead of playing as the 'commander' who places buildings and units, you play as the engineers who design them.","The computer takes care of fighting and resource gathering while you make the units. More powerful or complex units take more/different resources and time. Are all your units fast but weak? Can all your soldiers also gather food? Do your buildings take forever to build but also as long to destroy? You would tweak the parameters and abilities of each building/unit with a small amount of behavior control (this unit prioritizes gathering). It's up to you to balance the army so units come out fast enough, have enough power, and aren't too complex for the soldiers using them.(too much complexity and they won't know how to effectively do things)",1568488239
d9nppk,Travel Simulator,I think it would be a good idea to have a simulator for first time flyers so they’re more comfortable with going through an airport as it is all confusing and intimidating. I’m a very nervous and panicky person and travelling is something I want to do but I’m to anxious when it comes to navigating through the airport and I feel like this would help a large amount of people.,1569522611
d6f6v5,A siege game with hackers,"There are two teams. The defenders and the attackers. There are several classes; The Hacker, The Commando, The Breacher/Reinforcer, The Shield. The Hacker would do things like boost their teams health/damage and allow them to see through walls for a few seconds. The Commando would have very good weapons and have a lot of them. The Breacher would only be available to the attackers and they destroy walls and floors with explosives. The Reinforcer is only available to the defenders and stops walls from being destroyed The shield has a riot shield and a secondary",1568904938
cyu1ph,Cold blooded and followed.,"In this game, you are a criminal. be it to murder or heist, you must plan to it. as you start to make the plan, you have limited cash for equipment, and when you start the plan, you must remember each thing you planned, and of course, stay safe, but there is a catch. there is a detective after your name. the plan is not only to complete the task, but without any leads behind you. be it fingerprints, items, or anything even about your appearance. as the plan is executed and done, there will be a ranking to see if the detective found anything or not. if the rating is too bad, it is game over. if it's mediocre, you are free to do more stuff, but with a higher risk of the detective finding you. if you complete it perfectly, you get a bonus for being not detected, but the detective will become harder. if you get spotted on some stuff, or just something misfortunate happens. you are able to go to darknet to get rid of it, for a price. the goal is either to reach the end or it is endless, depends on how you want the story to be.",1567453949
d3yus0,Soccer(fútbol) game except teams use their physical weight to move the field rather than push the ball directly.,The field is on a 3d pivot. Each member of each team has a defined weight and must influence the ball by tipping the playing field. Limited shooter elements could be introduced to alleviate boredom and settle (literal) balance issues.,1568424740
d7bo39,A game where you sneak around a forest in winter times...,"It’s an idea that came from my cod mw2 nostalgia, that snow level where you sneak around a forest with cpt price... but this time it would be a game where you start naked and afraid and basically gather loot from enemies, boxes, disabled vehicles etc. You would have to get heavier clothes as you left the spawn area and went deeper into the forest, and except clothes you need to worry about food water and other players, graphics would be at least semi reallistic with modern day and older weaponry such as guns and melee weapons. It would be relatively hardcore, as better weapons and food would be farther from spawn, in the colder areas. Game would be free to play but include microtransactions that are purely cosmetic. It would be made for the cheaper and average computers.",1569078544
d3kpmv,"Any old indie game, but the narrorator is bad at English as a comedy schtick","Everyone remembers old video games which were badly translated. Whether it is the game that says: A winner is you! Or the Zero Wing intro. Now, do that stuff deliberately all game long until your hero breaks the fourth wall and starts making fun of him.",1568352977
d3kjxb,Idea for a Skyrim Mod,"I think it would really cool if there was a mod for Skyrim that allows you to play as a ghost. You play the game as usual, but the first time you die, you turn into a ghost instead of respawning. You roam the game world until you come across a living thing, whether that's an Elf, giant, or even bear. You then have access to their items and attacks. You can level up things like pickpocketing and one handed weapons like normal, but there'd also be a separate upgrade tree with different ghost based abilities, such as the ability to capture higher level enemies, the ability to use more abilities with more captured creatures (like being able to pickpocket as a bear), and magic abilities based on ghostly motifs, like the ability to release a poltergeist-like force burst. These are all my thoughts for now, but if you have any others, let me know in the comments!",1568352004
d3ttt9,A third person civ game.,"Here's how I'm thinking. It starts like any other civ game - you create a civilization that starts with one tiny village in the neolithic era. From there it's totally different. You create a character that's basically an ""immortal"" and are put into the game third-person style, able to do whatever you want similar to games like Skyrim, however civilization continues to advance as you go. You can choose for it to be random, or you can take a hands-on approach to molding your civilization using menus. Every now and then, events happen like wars, rebellions, etc. and you can influence them with your character on either a small or large scale (being a simple foot soldier versus being an influential leader depending on how you play). The type of government your nation has influences the outcomes of those events (you are the aggressor versus simply a defensive war, for example). Thoughts?",1568400979
db61dw,Names are hard any ideas?,Me and an associate are just terrable with names and well we want to start a game company but before we can make it legit we need a company name. So im here to ask you the fine people of reddit for help.,1569815602
cyvw8x,Vertical Tower Defence (forgive me for lack of artistic skill)," https://imgur.com/gallery/wyOqAAr The idea is enemies are trying to climb up to the top of the tower. You deploy turrets and such around the tower. Think of it like Plants vs. Zombies but the playing field is cylindrical. The player can only see 3 of the 4 sides at once. Meaning, they have to rotate the tower (via mouse, swiping across on mobile etc.) to see the other side. I think the levels should make the tower taller as the game progresses. Hence, later levels would require the player to scroll down to see the enemies.",1567462324
d7hv72,An RTS game where every unit has a different special attack,"Not sure how well this could work in practice, but what if there was an RTS game where every unit had, of course, it's own unique advantages and disadvantages, but also had a special ability you could activate at will? Here's an example: # Grand Arrowship **Cost:** 15000 **Attack:** 20 per hit **Health:** Very Tanky **Movement Speed:** Abysmal **Attack speed:** Maximum **Form of attack:** Ranged Arrows **Ability:** *Red carpet.* All archers draw their bows and fire at a designated area at once, dealing massive AOE damage. &amp;#x200B; If you have any clarifying questions, please ask them in the comments. Any feedback is much appreciated. Is this a good idea?",1569106625
d50cu1,MMO Guild Manager style of game,"So I have been thinking, what if you got stuck in Sword Art Online (or something like that) but you are supposed to cooperate and act as a leader to maximize the odds of survival of the entire server as a whole instead of merely trying to beat the game yourself. The game starts out with five named characters: you and four childhood friends, together in a guild. The Server is a collective of 10,000 players of ages 6-60 (maybe more players in a more capable age range for easier difficulties), and you are five of them, to be precise. The objective is to not die and clear the whole game by defeating 100 successively more difficult bosses and keeping as many players alive as possible. All deaths are permanent, so if your Server Population gets too low, your game might become unwinnable. If YOU die, your game is over immediately. What the features might include: * Politics: Try to recruit or ally with other like minded guilds. Or, send weak guilds you do not like to their deaths. * Direct Combat: You can choose to assume direct control of combat situation and switch to tactical turn based combat mode. This allows better outcomes. * Delegation: Assigning some characters as officers should allow them to do continuous actions you appoint them. This includes farming, crafting, training, patrol, and so on. * Training: While all characters have base combat skills, they can be improved. If they survive long enough, they could become strong enough to lead their own parties. * Ethics and Morale: Some players are simply too young to fight real monsters. Do we commit them all to the front lines (child conscription, +military, --morale) or do we use them for economic gains by forcing them to process or craft items (forced labor, +economy, -morale) or just let them be and allow them to help out of their own free will (let children be children, -food, +morale)? While real food is not an absolute necessity (nutrient potions and warg meat are cheap but the taste is just ...), it helps improve morale of the players. * Age: Young characters can learn faster. Teenage characters are ignorant of morale and will fight whatever you want them to provided you have their trust. Working age people are more analytical and cautious, but have the most capable body and mind. Old people are full of wisdom and still capable as craftsmen. Put the right people on the right job! * Player Killers: It appears that fellow men can be the most frightening enemy. Can you stop them before they destroy your game? * Leadership: Your own character and existing guild members define how hard it is to influence other guilds and free players.",1568638937
d46osl,A co-op roguelike mixed with Battlefield elements,"Set during a war like WWI, WWII, Vietnam, or a modern conflict. Players progress through a number of battles and they collect loot along the way. Loot would be weapons, but also gadgets like those from Battlefield: medkits, ammo boxes, spotting flares, etc. Instead of predefined classes like Recon and Support, your loadout grows dynamically as you find different loot. There could also be an XP system where you level up and choose skills that benefit playing as a medic, machine gunner, etc.",1568475231
d7sxx4,Dream I had about making a game.," So I had this dream where I made this video game. In the game we found this device that when activated sends you to the future and we found that all humans just seemed to have disappeared for no reason, no corpses, no struggle, nothing. So you are tasked with trying to discover what happened so you may prevent it, but if your device runs out of power or is turned off, you are shunted into the present again and turning the device back on sends you to the exact place each time so you would lose progress. The device was an old cassette player that only played Red Red Wine by UB40 and you couldnt adjust the volume or turn it off without getting shunted back to the present but if you heard the song start to slow, distort, or otherwise you would know that the device was almost out of power and had to find a 'charging station' .",1569170491
dbpran,Any unique card battle game ideas?,Card battle such as hearthstone or shadow verse or even a game using playing card? I cant come up with anything unique or good,1569914626
da49ii,What are some good games that are very simple in mechanics and scope?,"I hope this goes here since reading about games that are already released can inspire people with ideas. Minding that, what are some games a fledgling developer can take inspiration from that have some popular appeal, are small to tiny in scope and have only a few mechanics? I'm thinking games that take place in one or a couple rooms, preferably, don't have an expansive story, have 1 or two main mechanics, things like that. The kind of stuff you'd like to actually sell but you just got done with asteroid and breakout clones.",1569608018
d130pp,"Horror game built around dialogue, choices, and rules","Specifically rules regarding the villain, who would be Pan's Labyrinth style Fey creature. They would have several Fey-esque abilities that require careful consideration to not trigger. Ex: If you respond to a name they give you, they have some control over you. Names have power among Fey, and recieving a name from a Fey grants them a modicum of control over your body and mind. The basic idea for this game is that the villain's powers seem random at first, essentially forcing you down several paths where you suffer trauma, are cursed, wounded, etc etc. However as the game progresses your character realizes how the monster(s)'s powers work, and can avoid them.",1567897072
d0fjuf,Puzzle Game...with,"Puzzle Game about murder, The game places you in a room with an amount of regular day items and you have to find a way to kill your target in the room with said items",1567770308
czto1f,Buyable reload animations,"Not exactly a game idea, but just a cosmetic idea. Have multiple gun reloads for one gun, and be able to purchase more. Gives more work to animators, and also gives more variety to gunplay (since ur basically looking at ur gun reload 90% of the time) idk i just thought of this and just joined this subreddit just to say this",1567644856
cz0uz9,Multiplayer co-op survival game with hundreds of different themes,Open world with about 100 people spawning randomly on the map with a different theme each round and the main goal being to work together and survive. Everything in game would be destructible and you are able to build and create different things. Also each round could have a different God like player who is able to control certain elements of the world and hazards. Potential themes would be: 1. Tsunami 2. Earthquake 3. Zombie Infestation 4. Shape shifting murderer 5. Poisonous fog 6. Killer animals Will update this list as i think of more but if you have questions on the themes or anything else then feel free to ask!,1567490444
cyxz6o,How difficult would it be to program an FPS with different forms of gravity?,"Didn't know if to post this question in r/gaming, but I'm hoping someone here has the necessary programming knowledge. I have some FPS ideas that involve varying forms of gravity, specifically in the same level. Dead Space had some basic variation with maps that had both normal gravity and zero-g, including the occasional switch to toggle said gravity in a specific room, but I wanna go further than that. For a fantasy setting, I'm thinking a big cave that has local gravity on both the floor *and* ceiling. The cavern has buildings on both surfaces that are basically large stalactites and stalagmites, and you cross over to the other surface by climbing to the top of one and jumping up. But a sci-fi setting really opens up a lot of creativity, especially with centrifugal gravity. One could design space stations in the form of spinning torii (doughnuts) and cylinders, maybe even with concentric parts that spin at different speeds. But would these even be possible to design for a game? As in, creating the entire station on a single map (along with zero-g outside) and not cheapening out with separate loading screens? I have never actually seen centrifugal gravity used as a gameplay feature, and if I ever get my skills up to that level I'd really like to try something creative with it.",1567473069
d6m50w,Game Idea: Ant War,"An RTS where you control a colony of ants, giving out orders to fight, build, retreat, etc. all in a 3d voxel world. The goal is to either wipe out the opponent colonies entirely, or to destroy their queen and queen egg. Queen eggs are used to spawn new queens if the existing one is killed, and can be created from an existing queen after a set amount of time. Queens can't move once they're born, but they create all other units in the game.",1568935363
cyx7r9,Gravity Royale,"A Battle Royale game with a twist. Instead using guns to kill one another everyone has two tools at their disposal. The Mega-Fist, a gadget that super powers your punches in order to send enemies flying. You also have your Infinite Lasso, a rope like gadget that allows you to grab onto people. If you are in the air and they are on the ground then you’ll yank yourself towards them, if it’s the other way around then you pull them to you. Time your punch correctly and you’ll hit them with even more power. The goal being to punch people off the face of the planet (it’s not a very big planet, so the gravity is pretty weak) every time someone is knocked off, the planet shrinks a bit. It does this until there’s just 2 people left, at this point even a minor punch is enough to send you careening into space. That’s basically it, not a terribly complicated idea, it just came to me while I was thinking about how villains in cartoons get launched into the sky and disappear into that little twinkle.",1567468931
d2wha7,"An RTS game where the player ""evolved"" their civilization over time through gameplay choices",,1568233853
d1tzj7,What do you think of those mechanics ? Bad critics welcome.,"Ok no backstory here, I wanna speak about the mechanics and gameplay. It's hardly taken from some darkRP's servers, but you actually keep the core mechanics of printing money and base raiding to make a pvp game, instead of something rp. No ""you have to eat, you have to drink"" bullshit. Only money, weapons, and blood. Mobile multiplayer game (from 20 to 50 players per serv ?). 2D top-down. Small but furnished open world with buildings players can claim and fortify. The core game is around pvp and base building/fortifiying/raiding, and a high risk-high reward system. You can group up to 4 people togheter. Everything is about money ; you use it to buy fortifications, weapons, cars, whatever. Players can buy money printers and fortify inside their base they claimed/built. It will make money but it is very expensive in the first place. To save your money, you have to drop it in an atm, so you're an easy target if you step out of your fortified base (but you can buy armors, reinforced cars, and so on). You can also raid players who print money, but you will need weapons (the better the ennemy base is, the more you need c4 or rockets to break a wall), or just attack players near the atm when they intend to save their money. Being a vicious scumbag is recommended. Players can buy heat detectors to see where on the map is a concentration of printers operating. This forces the players who are printing to hide better, or to find ways / invest money to cool down the printers. The more printers in the same area, the more heat it makes and the more obvious it become to other players. Money printers can also burn if too warm, and need to be often maintained with ink and paper. It's very lucrative but you better have a planned everything. YOu can as well grow weed (to heal) or have a drugs labo (different drugs give different buffs), if you have enough space in your fortified area, and if you have enough money to afford the components. The printers and weed growing force the player to maintain this as long as possible, because the longer the printers work, the more cash they print. For other players, when you see a base with people inside, that has not been raided since a long time, you know they are full of cash and it's probably a good idea to raid them ... or maybe just prepair an ambush with traps and turrets near the atm. Once again, pvp and planning is encouraged. If players produces more drugs or weed than they actually use, they can resell it to other players or to a dealer POI on map for some extra coins. But its good to build a small base and make drugs quickly if you prepair for raiding a bigger player base, as your ennemies will probably have buffs as well. For players who are totally broke and can't even afford the basics to make money on their own, there is a police faction (with a ratio of 1 policeman for 2 other players). They can't build a base and have and HQ somewhere on the map(for respawning). They have cars and small weapons from the start. When they raid players, they only get half the money people dropped when killed. They can still buy weapons and equipment. They also recieve a small salairy every X time (so if they can't make it to raid other players, they still recieve some money for the time trying). Police men have a heat detector by default and can see where printers are operating. Policemen can also vote for a chief. The chief recieves side money (police budget) and can spend it on amelioration for policemen equipement Drugs buffs exemples : Speed boost, extra damage resistance, extra damage given, you get the idea. Maybe those buffs can have some counter parts as well, such a blurry vision, less accurate shots, and so on. There is also a small safe zone with a market where people can trade ressources/weapons/vehicles. For example, you printer money for 30 mn. You saved it at atm, and you wanna disconnect. But you dont want to lose your turrets and traps, you can just resell it to other players or to a POI weapon dealer for a bit less money. Weapons examples : basics, like gun/smg/rifle/sniper. Maybe some flavored ones like machete or chainsaw :P Rockets and mini guns as well. Raiding material exemples : computer (mini game for hacking padlocks ?), lockpicks, c4, rockets, bulldozer. Defence material exemples : traps, turrets, cement blocks, sand bags, barbed wires, mines, mortar ... Map POI's exemples : Police HQ, players spawn, all dealers (car, weapon, drugs, gears ...) where you can sell/buy anything. A safe zone with a players market. Garages (vehicles spawn / vehicles repair / vehicles mods) Otherwise the map should be divised into different areas (center/industrial/suburbs...) where people can hide, even the map is not too big.",1568049961
czt268,"An open world RPG, turned based shooter, with lots of side mission, looting and exploring with a 80s cold war theme BUT you play an ant. JUST YOUR THOUGHTS","So I'll try and make it short. Basically you play a ant that got captured as a child by a colony that destroyed the one you lived in and killed your parents. You lived there for the most of your life as a slave forced to fight and spread there beliefs which you oppose but may later on believe in (because it's an RPG). You escape in a huge battle that takes place against one other main colony. And now your whole goal is to find away to single handedly wipe out the colony that inslaved you. I'm not going to say how because there will be a few ways to do so. But besides the main quest the world has all kinds of groups like termites being the worst thing ever like you kill them or they try and kill you. There is wasp that help you or not. Good ants bad ants, grasshoppers, Beatles and alot more. Even crawfish that have no side they just hate everything but in their holes has the best loot. So pretty much everything is at war with each other but there are alliances. And the weapons, outfits, diolog and even the music is all 80s themed.",1567641778
d41g0a,"Idle game where instead of resetting progress, you start a new game and run multiple games in parallel that give each other bonuses.","[](/kawaiitwi)So I've dabbled with a few idle games, and one of the things that just always felt bad to me was resetting. Usually part of the core gameplay loop, you sack all your progress to start from the very beginning but this time with a multiplier or extra feature that will help you get over a hurdle you couldn't move past the previous time. This always felt like a Ghosts and Goblins move where they just make you replay the same game over and over to actually beat it. I understand several of the reasons why to do this, namely to recycle content and also because early game is often the best designed and most fun part. But tossing out something you just sunk several days into feels wasteful, especially if you're not sure if it's the right time to reset and you might be doing something incredibly inefficient. I have an alternate structure idea. Say your game is about building up cities. You build your granaries and your workshops and your goldmines but eventually you hit the large spike in time needed to progress that you'd reset at. Instead, you start up another city. Only this time your first city is trading goods with you, providing you the multiplier in resources you need for *both* cities to progress. You don't run the risk of sacrificing your first city for nothing, and you get to replay and continually optimize your build as you establish more cities and they start giving each other bonuses. You can bounce back and forth between cities getting the fancy upgrades in all of them, maybe unlocking new city types like Desert or Coastal that will provide unique resources for the rest of your network to keep things progressing. It would also provide multiple resource pools and multiple decision points about what to get next.",1568440980
d2k0l7,Teambuilding Activity,"I have to make a teambuilding exercise for 25-30 people with the theme of ""Slow down in life, special experiences can be lost with convenience"". Any ideas?",1568173088
czucge,"[request] a game mechanic similar to Snake Pass, where the player moves in an unusual way based on an animal","Snake Pass is a physics based action-puzzle game that sees the player slither, curl and climb their way through the world as a snake. What kind of mechanics can you come up with similar to the snake movement in Snake Pass?",1567648371
d1soao,Splitscreen game ideas?,Lately I delved into the possibilities of split screen in games. &amp;#x200B; Do you have any cool implementations aside from co-operative play?,1568044114
d3xi7f,The Hermit,"I need your help!! This is an idea that I've never gotten round to nailing it's core concept on paper. The basic premise is that instead of being the ""RPG adventurer"" seen in most fantasy tropes, the player would be the ""RPG Merchant"", a sort of mix between Wanderer and Trader, moving from town to town and selling stuff. The main goal isn't to defeat some evil, but something more personal, like paying debts or trying to salvage a business. Problem is, there are no key mechanics for this hypothetical ""game"". I would LOVE, LOVVE, to hear your opinions about what core mechanics can tie into this theme of being a ""Hermit trader""",1568417610
d39s36,Here’s my MMO idea along with a Video Game Idea Wiki,"I found a Video Game Idea Wiki, so here’s a link to the wiki along with my MMO idea : https://ideas-for-video-games.fandom.com/wiki/Frenzy",1568303128
d3j2ed,"Improvements for these features in a ""Creature"" Game?","""Always Improve Everything"" With the growth of the game industry and the need for better games, I propose this brainstorm. The list here is possible to accomplish, but a game of this scope simply seems out of reach for 1 person Required Features: **Game/Creatures** \*E10+ rating \*Cartoon art - from cute to cool \*design based on birds, bugs, bears, mechanical, critters, dragons, plants, fish, dogs, cats, elephants, all continents \*Each has all elements accessible (types are same creature just different training) \*Finding all, Documenting all, Collecting all, Training all - each give specific reward/event \*Training and game events documents more data gives more info in encyclopedia which has in combat or field effects \*Training locks in specific stat choices for creature, so each creature has endless options and is unique \*Creatures walk in overworld \*No grinding **Combat/leveling/In-game competition style** \*Combat competitive, Skill based, No ""randomness"" or ""chance"" \*Simulation of Combat Sport (karate) \*Gain More experience when you lose combat \*Allows losses as story progression in all but tournaments (but kinda) \*Gain More accolades when you win combat \*Experience is a currency used to train \*Regions badges to prove entrance to region tournament \*Don’t need all regions badges to compete in world tournament **Exploration** \*Direct routes available place to place \*Explore to unexplored regions the unmapped areas \*Requires creatures and items to explore areas \*Seasons day night cycle 1 year is 8 hours, 4 minutes,240 seconds = 24 hours, 1 day, 2 hours = 30 days, 1 season 8 hours = 1 year, 4 seasons \*NPCs Travel, explore, interact with player \*Minimum 64 NPC same as trainer, due to tournament status \*Roles: Battler gives you more data , Collector/researcher gives you more data to work with \*Puzzles, Includes opening or exploring new areas **""Out of Game"" game/Multiplayer component** \*Compatible system with card/board game \*NOT CCG \*Trade Creatures, Items, answers to puzzles \*Inter-Player interaction \*Fight or trade creatures \*Split screen Full list of features: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1j0YYd\_RCSWPfwNDMMNQKwwcQeLhMBV-Z8339kXeWQuA/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1j0YYd_RCSWPfwNDMMNQKwwcQeLhMBV-Z8339kXeWQuA/edit?usp=sharing) feel free to use these ideas or give ideas here, thanks",1568344077
d1zoie,Rogue like based on norse mythology. Need features to make it stand out in the genre.,"So I have been prototyping an idea of a rogue like, where you basically play as a viking who died in battle, and find himself in Valhalla where Odin gives him a quest of preventing ragnarok. You are then thrown into randomly generated levels through out the nine realms, and every time you die you will end back up in Valhalla, and you can start your next run. I have been thinking about it as a dungeon crawler, aka BoI style of gameplay, but I feel like that is kinda overdone. What are some features/gameplay mechanics that could be integrated into the game to make it standout more in the genre?",1568074629
d4czwc,Need Ideas for a Horror Game,"I’m trying to make a psychological horror game which is based upon different stages, each with original and unique enemy/enemies. If you have any, please tell. A stage can have more than one enemy, but they have to be related in some way.",1568504795
d1z0ls,Random Battles With Assist,"Okay OPEN WORLD RPG idea: You left town because you were tired of all the drama and BS. Families were fighting each other. Teachers were stubborn about what they wanted to teach. Parents are trying to dictate their children's careers. Mayor wants to sacrifice culture for a new shiny building. You left all of that and head out. You're good with magic, so you can deal with the wilderness. &amp;#x200B; Well, it turns out you're not just good with magic, you're good with stun magic. Everyone wants you on their team. You forget about everyone and you start a team of your own. &amp;#x200B; The highlight of the game is the battles. News of a brainwashing spell comes out. Witch hunts are on. People don't trust each other, just like you. When you come across a dirt path, you see two people are fighting. You use your stun magic to stop the two people and you can listen to both of them. The challenge is that your stun magic has to be appropriate. The ""bad"" guy will run away or kill someone if your magic is too weak. If your magic is too strong, you'll deplete too much energy and be the weakest party to be taken advantage of. &amp;#x200B; Once you pick your favorite, you get to play as judge and side with someone. The enemy will either immediately give up, fight, or run away. If you picked right, the enemy is a mage too and it takes both of your efforts to beat the mage. If you picked wrong, it's a free for all. Your ""friend"" could permanently (or temporarily longer) side with you. &amp;#x200B; If you team up with another mage, you can essentially torture people for the truth. &amp;#x200B; The ending is conclusive. You and your small army has found the source of the brainwashing spell and someone who has mastered it. Your small army hates that person so much that they won't settle for anything but death or disbandment (or if they're unquestionably loyal, they'll test you one more time in battle or something). You can choose to recruit that person or kill that person.",1568071455
d3z4yp,Design DNA,"Name: Design DNA Concept Overview: A simulation game where you arrange strands of DNA to create a being that will survive the environment. Setting: Can be different worlds, like different difficulties of worlds with different survival rate because of harsher environment. Gameplay Mechanics: There should be mutations or generations to be able to gain more types of strands of DNA. Possible Platforms: This can set up in all platforms if given good design. Extra Features: It would be great if there are more variety of beings that can come out, not just humanoid or flesh beings. How To Credit Me: Just write inspired by that one reddit post in the credits or something like that. Thanks",1568426339
d10jpi,A Fighting game where you can choose to attack with Power or Speed,"I'm not sure if this idea will be good but I'm still gonna post it. My Idea is gonna be kinda short because I'm not good at explaining things. You play in First Person and the mouse controls your attacks (like left-click for left hand and right-click for right hand). The Left side is Power, and the Right is Speed, but if you attack too much with one side you gain a disadvantage for the side you attacked with too much (kinda like your arm getting tired) for a short amount of time, and you have to not attack with that side for the short amount of time so you can lose that disadvantage. But you can attack with both sides at the same time by pressing a key on the keyboard, but this attack will have a cooldown and will slow you down for a few seconds afterward. The Enemies you fight will have different weaknesses like for example, An enemy will be weak against Speed because they are big and powerful, or one will be weak against Power because they are small and fast. But some enemies might be weak against different kinds of weapons, like a knife, a staff, or an ax. There are different types of weapons you can equip to each side and both sides for the special attack. These weapons will be things like Small (Switchblades, and Daggers) and Big Knives (Cleavers and Machetes), Small (Hammers and Clubs) and Big (Table Legs and Pipes) Blunt Objects. There will also be two-handed weapons for the Special Attacks like a Lead Pipe, a Guitar, a Sword, or an Ax and things like that. Leave suggestions and opinions in the comments, please.",1567885029
d3p8ce,Multiplayer IT game (1v7),"So the game would consist of two rounds per match where one person plays the role of Pennywise and seven play each member of the losers club. The map would be a semi open world type of map where you can roam most of Derry, maybe split into three sections consisting of the streets, forest area and underground sewers. Round one would be the losers club as children and this round would be considered a preparation round meaning there can be no player kills. The goal for Pennywise during this round would be to lure in as many children as possible, the more children he can lure in then the stronger it makes him plus each child would hold a different fear ability so capturing young Johnny that is playing in his backyard could give you a new shape shift ability such as the creepy old lady etc. If Pennywise can capture enough children then this is going to unlock his full set of abilities and make him able to transform into his ultimate spider persona for the final fight. Pennywise can also disguise himself as anyone or almost anything he can see in Derry. He can also interact with the losers club during this round but only to mess with their heads and cause them fear, the more fear he causes the members then the weaker they will be for round two. The losers club goal during round one would be to save as many children as possible by sending them home before Pennywise can get to them, in turn the more children that are saved then the weaker Pennywise will start in round two. Research on Derry and extra little things can also be done around town to gain the losers strength for the final fight. Round two would be set 27 years later and act as the final fight round, losers vs Pennywise. For this Pennywise can either play a strategic fight or go in brutal, the player can set up traps around the town in the form of worst fears that can attack the losers or he can disguise as a towns person and slowly take them out one by one himself. If Pennywise unlocked his ultimate spider transformation then he can trigger a boss fight at any moment which pits the losers head on in a fight with Pennywise. The kids which the survivors saved can also make a comeback in this round and if they see Pennywise then they can alert the losers and the town of his location making it easier to attack him. Losers have to discover Pennywise's whereabouts in Derry and attack him but if they attack an ordinary civilian who turns out not to be Pennywise then that player is eliminated. This round probably needs a bit more tweaking to make it fair on each team and the gameplay thrilling at all moments but if done correctly i think it could be a lot of fun.",1568381133
d4kslr,Zootopia city builder,"If you haven't watched Zootopia, it's a movie about speaking animals who live together in a city. In this game the player has to build roads, houses, farms, factories etc. similar to Anno or Age of empires. The inhabitants and workers are all animals. They have different sizes and need different food and buildings. A farm for example produces vegetables that are eaten by most animals. This farm needs a horse to pull the plow, a rabbit to sow everything and a fox to protect the seeds from birds. The player might start with some mice which don't have many needs and can do all the basic tasks. Then you could produce more complex products, build houses for different animals and satisfy their needs. You might want to connect buildings which are used only by small animals only with small roads and water pipelines, to save space and materials. Depending on their size, needs and work places it makes sense to put different animals together or separate them. The basic game would include only a few animals and buildings. But over time new ones could be added.",1568556032
czlsrx,Hazardous areas in survival games,"This idea kinda comes from minecraft, where coal&amp;iron seem to be the main force for interesting decisions. While you build what ever you want you have to cycle between low risk environments (getting food/wood/etc) and high risk environments (caves for getting coal/iron). So the idea is introducing hazardous areas and gas masks to a survival game. Hazardous areas spawn high level loot, but can only be entered with gas masks, else the player takes high amounts of damage. Gas masks and filters only spawn at military checkpoints not in the hazardous areas. Filters are consumables, meaning you have to cycle from hazardous areas to checkpoints, which might not always spawn filters, and back again. This ""Cycling"" enables playermovement towards known limited areas on big maps increasing the risk of players crossing each other. So taking the minecraft analogy: - Gas masks and filters = coal - high level loot = iron/diamonds/etc. - caves/underground = checkpoints/hazardous areas I think this could help some survival games feel less like boring sandboxes, by learning from a sandbox which isn't boring at all.",1567608173
d519n2,"""Horror"" game where you have to avoid hitting deer on a dark road.","I thought of this idea last night. Your goal is to make to the end of dark forest road. Sounds simple, right? There's a catch. Every now and then, a deer will be on the road. If it's not on your side, you can pass it. But if it is on your side, you have slam on the brakes until it passes. You also have to avoid crashing your car.",1568643400
d2u7p1,Top-down superhero game,"The game design is simmilar to Pokemon or Stardew Valey but it is set in modern city with various districts and there is also net of public transportation. Basicaly you play for superhero with class of your choice and you fight various monsters/robots/deamons/elementals/undead that are walking in your city. You can also fight other superhumans, if you beat them, they can join your team. After this you can switch from one character to another, once you switch from one character to another, your previous character remains standing where you left him, this way you can have various characters in diferent parts of city and you can play for many classes. Classes of superheroes are: Chimera, Elemental, Healer, Cyborg, Telepath, Forcebender, Acrobat You could collect dna, elements, flesh, parts and other stuff from the monsters and this would help your superheroes to develop, every superhero would be associated with different colectable from different type of monsters The city districts would include: Bussiness center Government district Industrial center Slums Trade port Residences Park Historical center possibly with water canals like in venice Zoo Minority towns Vegas center Cultural center with theathres and movie studios Lunapark Sportstadions Underground canalisation Airport Science labs and nuclear powerplant University center Combats would be realtime and would take place in the map There would be some story, search for base of final boss but I dont have any idea for it now. I see that this idea would be better suitable for mmo game because of team nature of superhero genre.",1568224792
cz5nxn,A Souls/Borne-esque game about LOTR.,"Something about the heaviness and weight to the Souls/Borne games just catches my attention, its so satisfying. I would absolutely love a game with that same style set in the LOTR universe. I mean, for bosses you could have Smaug, a Balrog, Sauron himself. It'd be amazing.",1567521215
d42250,Zero gravity with sports,"Basically 3rd person 3 v 3 with Gravity Rush physics but for multiplayer sports. How this could be accomplished: * Players can customize their characters. * Characters are in full-body suits. These suits explain why physics work the way they do. * Players can move freely on the ground normally. * Players can press a button to turn off their gravity and float. We will call this effect ""float state."" * When in float state, the player can still move around on the ground freely, but jumping causes them to float straight up. While in float state, they can rotate on the X or Y axis. While in float state, the player goes specifically in one direction until a force acts upon them. * While in float state and a player hits a wall or ceiling, they latch onto it and can crawl or climb. * While the player is in float state, they can propel themselves in one direction until a force acts upon them (not counting the ball, puck, etc..). * A player can choose to increase the speed at which they propel themselves like a boost. Options: * Player does not have to have the option to active float state. * Powerups such as magnetism, temporary infinite boost, temporary unlimited propelling could add flair. * Player models can simply be androids or robots instead of people. * There is no defined way to launch the ball/puck towards the goal. They could simply lock onto it and have to fling themselves into it to get the ball to move. The ball will move in the direction of being flung. Any way to improve this idea or critique is more than welcome. TL;DR: Gravity Rush 2 meets Rocket League.",1568445497
d2v5l9,A possible good game idea/mechanic I thought about when crossing the street,"In the corner next to the building where I live there's a button you can push for the traffic light to turn red, so pedestrians can cross the street. When doing that, an image came to my mind about a platformer, in which the hero can change the color of the tile he stands on by jumping, and when it falls, the tile turns red. If you jump again it turns yellow and again, green. When you start walking/running from a tile you changed the color to, the other tiles you walk onto acquire the same color. I was thinking that maybe red makes an enemy chasing you slow down, yellow deals damage to the enemy when it steps on it, and green heals you. Now, it would be too easy if colors do just this. I turn all tiles yellow and that's it. A couple of ideas I'm thinking to solve that: * changing tiles colors is not for free (you consume energy, mana, stamina, whatever) * color wears off after a couple of seconds * colors that have an advantage for the player also have a disadvantage. For example:  * when you turn a tile yellow (and for every tile you turn yellow by walking onto it) it reduces your HPs as well.  * when you turn a tile red, it speeds up the clock (assuming that you need to reach the end of the level in a given time)  * when you turn a tile green.... not sure. It makes enemies stronger? It damages allies/civilians/NPCs you have to rescue, when they step on it? What do you think? Ideas? suggestions?",1568228586
d38a7s,Anyone got some cool melee weapon based projectile ideas?,"Similarly to Amid Evil where all the weapons in the game are melee weapons but they shoot projectiles. i.e trident that shoots lightning out of the tips, ice mace that launches icicles ect.",1568296644
d2apmt,Esports manager simulator.,"You are a CEO of a up and rising Esports sponsorship, and your goal is to basically hire Pro gamers into playing in tournaments under your name, and cash in on their success. the main mechanic is to basically find up and rising gamers into joining your team, each player has a skill level and profit deal and is up to you to recruit who, and then you have to pay their expenses so that they can enter tournaments, maybe there is a level indicator showing what levels the other players are, so you sent out a player with a slightly higher level to compete in that tournament to hopefully win and gain a profit. typically you start low skill player, but he is humble to ask a small profit, as he is doing this for fun, to eventually cocky Tfue or Ninja level players, high skill and would win every major league tournaments but also really expensive to pay and even demands more than the required expenses to compete in their level tournaments or else they leave you, but at the sane time, their clout still could give your profit. so the key to win is to balance between keeping a stable relationship between the gamers, and maintaining a stable esports like a company, while also gaining profit of their gaming skill. game over if you finally file for bankrupt.",1568135314
czo8dy,Asteroids 2D Idea - Space-time Manipulation,"* **This idea has probably already been used, but still...** # Game mechanics: It is already characteristic of this video game style to have screen borders where you, the player, are teleported to the opposite side of the screen when crossing a screen edge. Yes, I know this is already the game's characteristic mechanics, but why not ""improve"" it? Rather than being a reuse of the computational limitation of its time, it could be used in innovative ways to create a different game mechanic. For example, you could ""lock the screen"" on an ""open"" map when enemies show up using your space distortion machine. Using the right moment to stop and teleport to dodge projectiles or shoot enemy backs, causing more damage. Further upgrades would allow you to use space manipulation in other ways, such as allowing you to create borders in the middle of the screen or allowing different types of objects to be teleported, returning your enemies' shots directly at them or throwing an asteroid belt at them. (or even a black hole, why not?)",1567619281
d34n24,Searching for super simple mobile multiplayer game idea,Hello all i like to build simple multiplayer game idea for mobile something that can be played in few minutes burst . but multiplayer. simpler then : [slither.io](https://slither.io) or any other io game . thanks,1568274943
d4d6wa,2D Mobile game ideas,"I'd like to make a mobile game with some smooth and materialistic style, but I have no ideas.",1568505817
d5eoay,Diablo Survival game,"I had a dream last night about a game which is a mixture of Diablo and Rust. Meaning the survival side of Rust played in a Diablo style of camera view. Also online, people could team up, collect food and items etc.",1568713729
d4uaye,Time glitch,"This game idea involves you (the player) seeing ahead of time into the future to prevent tragic events, this should either be of the puzzle or the quick action decision making game (such as telltales the walking dead), and if you fail to prevent the events in which the game presents to you your mental state declines, if you don't prevent enough tragic events you're character commits suicide, therefore ending the game, you have to hide the fact that you can see through time, as for fear of the public eye turning your way, some of the events presented in the story may mean the death of another character such as a loved one, or a coworker etc TL:DR time seeing, if you don't save people you die",1568599959
cz878h,A Backyard Wrestling Game Idea,I had this idea about a Backyard Wrestling game. I thought about it alot and this game will be a 3d arena fighter just like tye Original Backyarf wrestling games and the def jam games. This BY Wrestling game will bw about a rising backyard fed that is taking the Internet by storm. The fed will travel aroumd the neighborhood putting shows together and showcasing there talent. For now this game will be simple. 1v1 arena brawler. With interactive objects like chairs tables and etc. The style will be a arcade style game with wacky moves and wacky characters. To win a match is by KO just likr BYW 1 &amp; 2. I wanna make this a reality either in 3D or 2D. So if anyone wanna help please let me know. Idk how to code but i hope i can meet some people who know how to. I can make the models 😁.,1567532793
d1cqxm,Was there ever a Mario Kart MMORPG?,"I recently had a dream that came in like a layer cake. Several dreams at once on the same topic. It was in the format of a commercial for MK MMORPG. This commercial was a celebration of the one year anniversary of the release of MK MMORPG. It was game video and a youthful female voice over highlighting all the stats and achievements of players, the evolution and adaptation of the software, the Easter eggs, media coverage and so on. I can't help but think this would be a great initial offering video for the right game. &amp;#x200B; On to the game vision. (Casual gamer, played MK once) The track, although undisclosed to me, was set in a real world location and seemed like it was 500 miles of actual course filled with side paths, short cuts and other off course exploration points. The main course was wide and adaptive. It would stretch, curve, rise or fall, become discolored and or show signs of fatigue or damage depending on the players used the course. Racing would happen on sections of the course, but the course would be live and open at all times. There was an Easter egg I saw of someone going off course and landing in a RW backyard next to the actual course location. There were sections on the course with cities next to them that were player worlds. There was an economy structure and jobs for players to occupy. I did see a kart maker. They would make custom karts to order offline and then upload them if they had approval and an official app from the game maker. There was indication that these cities were filled with missions, quests, side games and retro inclusion of past related games. I had the distinct feeling that a RW economy was based around this game. &amp;#x200B; I've lost a lot of the vision that I originally saw. The dream did end with the voice over saying that all these feats were accomplished with zero hours of game downtime.",1567958404
d3f9yz,A metal/rock themed ARPG with rhythm game elements,"My concept is essentially a Diablo-Esque Isometric ARPG starring an alcoholic wizard, with a twist. Movement and basic melee attack controls are done almost entirely with the mouse, which can also be used to pan around the 3d world and switch the camera positioning. The real star of the show, however, is the spellcasting method. You see, our wizard is no forgetful old man with a wand and a creepy obsession with preteen boys, he's the last of an order of guitar-wielding badasses whose purpose was to hold back the tides of wretched abominations that dwelled in the void by playing the wrath of man at them (ie metal and/ or some hard rock). Unfortunately, that duty has been forgotten with the order, and now evil corrupts the land, sending forth legions of undead, demonic and Lovecraftian foes at the last few bastions of mankind. Now our protagonist must stop whining about the good ole day while drowning his sorrows at taverns and let evil taste death with the aid of some sweet riffs and solos. Your guitar can be controlled with the keyboard, with a different key playing a different chord. These chords are the key to the spellcasting system, as each one has a different meaning and purpose, and when put together using specific combinations our sorcerer can use them to cast spells. Picture the rune system from Arx Fatalis but make it music based. These spells will be based on different styles of metal and rock and will require precise timing to pull off, as any note or beat missed will result in lowering the effectiveness of the overall spells. The player gathers these spells over the course of the game and can chain them together to bolster or combine their effects. Every perfectly hit beat adds to your multiplier, which provides you with points and additional spell power. You can also summon otherworldly minions from beyond the veil to act as drummers, singers, bassists, guitarists, violinists, backup singers and a plethora of other stuff to bolster your magical might, though only for a brief time.  If you can get licensing out of the way, one could also add famous metal songs as ""legendary scrolls"" - rare and powerful spells that need precision and time to pull off, yet have devastating results when they do. Enemies should have the ability to play music of their own, which can disrupt yours, create shields, and other effects that I have not decided yet. The player can react to these spells by playing a specific rhythm to disarm them, which can be discovered through research or item drops.",1568325919
d2xp91,My rpg game melee combat idea please leave opinion,"I wanted a melee based system obviously third person and there will be guns however they are one shot only and not advanced enough to be mass produced so they are some of the rarer weapons in game. Anyways I want the combat to be as follows. You lock on to a target and it automatically targets th middle of there body or chest, moving R3 you can choose to target an arm leg or the enemies weapon. You can also target the head to chop it off and end the fight quickly. Idea is inspired by the game surge which lets you target body parts and by the melee combat or bloodborne and for honor. Different weapon types can have specific body targets that are easier for them for example a sword is easier to go for the head and chop the enemies head off than to have an axe and go for the head with an axe it’s easier to disarm the enemies weapon or chop the middle of his chest. Once you go for a specific body part that may lead a specific part of your body open for attacking if the enemy dodges and you went for the leg your entire body is open for attacking. I like this idea because I’ve wanted to mix the combat of these games together and I think this does it perfectly. In for honor you can stop the enemies attack with your word and in this game if your enemy is going for your leg and you move the button to your leg you automatically block it. This may sound confusing to you but it sounds perfect to me so if you have anymore questions ask in comments I’ll respond, I think this would open up a ton of different build options and approaches to combat. If you want to disarm the opponent or break there weapon go for the weapon and if you want to slowly let them bleed out go for the arm legs and slowly make them weak. This combat system is not perfect however because in real life you can choose to target the enemies risk and disarm them that way but I feel that would make it too complex and feel weird on the controls. So I’ll give the player 4 options, neck, chest, leg, arm, and weapon. Yes that’s 5",1568238803
d02c77,Pokemon meets Spore MMO,"Title says it pretty clearly. Imagine MMO game where players fight in similar style as in pokemon, but instead of using precreated pokemon, they can design their own monsters in style of Spore monster creator. For xp and money, player could unlock the body parts to evolve for his creatures and then equip his monsters with those parts, while still being very customizable in shape. Those body parts would give players special attacks and ability, defense, health, speed, movement and so on, there could also be cyborg parts. The combats would be more realtime than turnbased, there could still be some backstory, legendary creatures and artifacts like in pokemon.",1567697508
d02kbm,War Bonds - An economy based FPS MMO-lite,"I don't really know how to put my thoughts together for this idea so I am going to put a high level summary here and then go into details in separate replies. War Bond is a game that mixes PVP and PVE elements in world where money is the only thing that matters. The two world super powers are running out of oil and have hired mercenary organizations to secure whats left. Those mercenaries must secure resource nodes, build fortifications and structures as well as run missions to help gain favor with the local populace. This must be done all while keeping funds up as every action has a cost. Fuel, bullets and bomb all have a price tag on them and part of the meta is using resources wisely to accomplish the objective while still be profitable.",1567698566
czpdtu,WW2 Shooter Game BUT...,Game idea: First person shooter game that follows the timeline of battles and operations of world war two. but every time the player dies they switch perspectives into another soldier following a different route during world war two.,1567624449
czdty7,Project: Evolution,"I get that really big ideas are the least likely to be chosen on this site, but I just wanna get this idea out to see what everyone thinks. Project: Evolution is like a cross between Spore and The Isle: It’s MMO, but very fast paced. The story is, the human race has discovered an inhabitable planet, and found life forms that have a very unique querk: Instead of having dihelixal DNA like Earth creatures, these life forms have trihelixal DNA. This allows the life on this planet to evolve at a very high rate. In light of this discovery, the humans decide to create their own creatures with TNA, and populate another planet that does not have any animal life on it. They begin with the primary animals from our own planet, but with reproductive systems that create creatures with TNA. Players start out with standard Earth creatures, like wolves, lions, buffalo, etc. As they progress and get Genetic Energy (the ingame currency for upgrading your animal), they can update their creature to give them certain traits that can benefit them or simply add anesthetic pleasure. The game will take into account the biome that the player is in (like a desert or forest) and highlight the traits that will benefit the player in that particular biome. If the player meets a creature that is at least 75% similar to theirs (close proximity to another creature will pull up a similarity percentage), they can mate with this creature to create a similar creature, or improve upon it. This will allow players to evolve their creatures to the same level as other players, so they can fit in enough to join the pack. Beside the similarity percentage is another percentage that measures how possible it is for your animal to join the other’s pack. If this percentage is below 85%, they will never be accepted. Making your creature more similar to theirs, or helping them hunt, can increase this percentage. Another percentage measures how eligible you are for the highest rank. This rank is determined by how successful your hunts are, how similar you are to the other members of your pack, and how well-developed you are for the environment. In packs that are largely players, scars can also influence ranking, as scars are achieved by experience. If the player is successful enough, then they (along with other pack members) have the opportunity to achieve Sentience. Upon reaching this stage, the player will move into a tribal era. To get there, they only need opposable thumbs and enough Progress Points. Players in the Sentience stage will be able to interact with other creatures that haven’t acquired Sentience, but it must be with the other player’s permission.",1567559250
cz24zh,Imperium,"I have an idea for a singleplayer rpg indie pixelated game in which you have to fight and defeat 7 bosses to win the game. To fight the bosses you have to complete certain quests and do specific actions (drop items, do rituals, fight a thing) to ""trigger"" them. To defeat the bosses you have to survive for as long as possible and then when you get the chance you either steal their crown and they lose all their power or run away (whichever option you choose will affect the ending of the game). You will have as much time to prepare to fight against those bosses by collecting and equiping clothing or armor or holding specific items or relics of sorts. The story is that you are a man in ancient times who's been tasked to defeat the 7 gods (bosses) with promise of power. These are the ultimate gods: 1. God of War - Proelium 2. God of Element - Elementum 3. God of Emotion - Adfectus 4. God of Hunt - Venari 5. God of Religion - Religio 6. God of Life - Animula 7. God of Death - Interitus Depending on how you defeat them you get a different ending. There are 3 endings I thought of 1. If you steal all their crowns upon defeating them, before you can steal Interitus's crown he kills you, in which you never respawn again. Interitus asks you why you tried to steal the crowns? ""what was the point? wealth? status? power? ... Power. Imperium"" (bad ending) 2. If you run away upon defeating them, instead of facing the god of death last, you find a door which leads you towards the god of life (Animula, which was the onr you were with before god of death). You are awarded a crown for proving your worth and are now protected by the gods for doing so. (good ending) 3. If you run away from some bosses and steal the crowns of others, you will get the crown of the god of death and sit on the throne the crown was layed on in disappointment. (neutral ending) I didn't know how to phrase my idea shorter so this is my best attempt at doing so heheh. I hope you like it.",1567500126
czboxe,Shapes battle and shapes breeding game,"So, it's an abstract game where players breed and evolve shapes to fight other shapes. The shapes are made of simple lines and would look a bit like asymmetrical snowflakes. A player reproduce their shapes, possibly only from a single parent to keep things simple, and the offspring have slight variations, such as quantity of lines, color of lines, etc. The differences in the lines give characteristics to the shapes, like making it stronger in different ways in battle. The battles are simple, two shapes are places on the screen and move at a constant speed and direction, bouncing on the screening to be redirected, similar to what you'd see on the old windows screensavers. As the shapes collide with each other, then damage each other, until one is destroyed.",1567548538
cyzmw9,Society: The Game,"I have a ridiculously ambitious idea for a core mechanic of an MMORPG (I like fantasy, but it could work with any subgenre) with a rigid social hierarchy. Like the real world, in this world there are people at the top with immense wealth and power, and people at the bottom with nothing. Some go into the military, some are born into professions. A large percentage are born to ordinary middle range families. Social mobility is possible, but moving up in society is much harder than moving down, and few can ever be at the top. Players don't get an account, they get a life; one per person, verified by identity check. Their characters aren't created, they are born; to parents that already exist and have a place in the world. They have no say in it. A small number will be born to immense wealth and privilege, while others will be the children of peasant farmers or even the homeless. The experience they have will be catered to their lot in life. The game can be kicked off with a lottery for a hero's quest. Players will join, rolling the dice on their destinies, and one or a select few will be born as a child that will be lead down a path to greatness with quest lines that nobody else can get, with unique rewards and prestige. Every new player has to play through a youth that is tailored to their lot in life before they can emerge into the online world as an adult with a journey intended to be enjoyable at all social levels, even if not privileged. Every player has two levels. One reflecting their combat capabilities, and one reflecting their social ranking.",1567482434
cyio0b,An open world GTA with a bit more character depth.,"This is a game idea that I will likely use for my game, and I just wanted you guys to comment about what you think. So lets compare this game to a much better game, GTA V. while GTA V is a great game, its single player mode (without story) is really lacking. You can barely do anything and free play is very small. &amp;#x200B; Well I have thought of a game set in the prohibition times. There will be a dedicated campaign, but the game can be played completely without the campaign. There are ways to buy property, get jobs, do illegal activities, buy cars and do heists. Every NPC that is met is a different person and killing them posts a lot of consequences, so you cant just kill people much like in GTA. Police would be on your tail for almost forever, releasing arrest warrants which would require you to put on a bandana so you could not be recognized. If you dont have a bandana/balaclava then witnesses and police can recognize you, releasing an arrest warrant that is a lot longer in duration and raiding all your property. &amp;#x200B; So without talking about any campaigns, can you guys please reflect on this game idea?",1567388836
cyrfu6,"What mechanic or action, have you always wanted a game to be based on",,1567442634
cz393b,A snake game with many snakes,A snake multiuser game with many snakes and all to take the same apple?,1567508046
czjv0c,Base (mage) ball - Fantasy Sports Idea,"* **Well, I need to be honest, I don't understand almost anything about baseball and besides, this idea is pretty incomplete.** **But I liked the idea, since it's simple, so I'm posting the same way.** &amp;#x200B; # Game mechanics: The initial idea was that the game was TPS (third person shooter). There will be two teams, one on offense and one on defense and the teams will switch between these positions throughout the game (just like Baseball, with it's fielding positions and everything else). The offensive team will have a **pitcher**, who will launch an incredibly fast magic attack toward the **catcher** (be it a laser, or a magic cut with a sword or whatever) that will vary according to the chosen champion. The **catcher's** job is to trigger a skill at the right time and **deflect** that attack, the attack will be reflected to first base, second base and so on, but each time the attack is reflected, **it will slow down** until it arrives at a time when It will be **slower** than the characters themselves. When this time comes, players will have to use their skills and fight/sabotage the enemy team in order to make them miss the penultimate or last deflection (this, considering there **will be more than 4 bases** in the arena \[or they will be very farther than in the real version\]). # Ideas and doubts: Well, the idea is that all deflections occur well until the attack is very slow, which leaves me with many doubts about **what the hell the offense team would be doing.** &gt;Like I said, **it's an incomplete idea**, so I have no idea what the enemy team would be doing. * Simply put them far enough and make them walk? (this is a **horrible idea**). But if you followed the normal baseball plan, it would take the catcher to run the bases, right? **So teams would have to be built on the idea of ​​protecting or disrupting a single player.** * Well, the team could be reduced to a smaller number, like 3 or 2, and each would have to run between bases and prepare to deflect attacks, which would increase the challenge equally for each team. * But would the challenge really be the same? The attacking team would only have to be messing with the defense team. I think it would be better to create other types of classes that would fit more with base-fantasy-ball, since if it all boils down to the classic Tank, DPS, Support wouldn't fit much into the game style (at least that's what I think. ). But of course, I don't think you MUST avoid at all costs this style. As for the classes, I think that some wizards might take charge of changing the speed of the attack by increasing or slowing it, or even temporarily stopping it in order to make the enemy team miss the deflection. But of course, this ability would be for both teams, allowing both teams to regulate the speed, and of course, it would lead to a mental game where you would have to trick the opposing team to increase or decrease projectile speed more or less than it should. But how all of it would fit in a game where you must fight? hmmmmm",1567598323
cyn9bf,What do you guys think of my idea for first person horror game.,"I am Almost done with the groundwork of my game, so I can start making real levels and possible deploy a ‘demo’ level for some friends of mine, gew months later probably a beta/demo online. It is a First Person Horror game. I will shortly when close to gameplay release a teaser trailer of who you actually are, you are a ~20 year old guy who is depressed, doesn’t like living at all and hates everything, after your recent heartbreak you became suicidal, only thing you’re attracted to is Space, You like stuff about space. The game starts where you wake up and hear a news report of a ‘weird blackhole’ intecting the world, bringing in creatures from other dimensions, You are interested, if it’s up to you you’d risk your life to just experience a black hole, this is where the game starts, you pick up a flashlight with a few batteries, you go out. First part of horror game is on the normal ‘world’ around 35% progression on the ‘earth’ a huge something ‘impacts’ the world, everywhere is lava, some ground ‘like islands’ you have to be kn to not burn to death, you shortly realize random fire creatures appearing aswell, random fireballs jumping to the surface you’re standing on leaving firemarks, random fireplant that shoots actual fireballs, etc. After surviving for a few seconds you see a bus driving all by itself, which you have to take to get to new ‘land platforms’ and just do objective on it, like craft specific armor pieces to reduce the firedamage, etc. The scary aspect of it wil lquickly start adding up as you walk on the surface not knowing what or where it will come from, after a decent adventure here, it all starts, you find the blackhole, go in there, and there it is. You fall from a HUGE distance on a flying island in space, it looks beautiful, you have tiki totems that act as lightsources when it’s night, there are ‘3 things’ rotatin around this island opposed to earths 2 (sun and moon) This island is your main hub, you can explore this mini island but in the middle of it you have a HUGE circle stone slab, with 4 pillars around it, each pillar have a statueholder in them, one pillar created a portal which you can enter. Each pillars represent a specific ‘planet’ or a ‘mythical god’ I got a few idea’s for a few planets but None of those are sure, What is sure tho is that I will bring in neptune, Titan, biggest moon of saturn and moon. EVERY pillar acts as a whole new game, one game you’re just there walking around notmknowing what to do while on the other planet you’re living primitive time line where you have to get smart and think of what goes by what to ‘create’ something to progress further on. Throughout the whole game, you will have ALOT of puzzles to solve, and you WILL realize that this is a *real* horror game. I love games like outlast and amnesia, those are my favourite but I want to take a step further, I want to make the monsters as realistic as possible, so you CAN’T just ‘run past it’ since you got the key, I have a simple rule in my head for it, if You see the eyes of the enemy, he sees you, no matter the distance.",1567420025
cyvu5t,Help these guys (paying customers) out,,1567462034
cykc2d,"Air combat game, but with a couple of twists that may work well. (Mainly SheepDog AI and Airdrift.)","I got an idea from a dream recently and I wanted to request this because I tend to give up on ideas after a while. Basically, first off, what better way to start off than chasing away people with the characters. Akimè, Ren, and Sachiho are ""lupo""s (Pronounced loop-o. People with wolf ears and tail. Hear me out here, I just want to use my placeholder characters in a not placeholder way) with black, golden, and white hair/fur accordingly. What's special about them is their role in the squadron I have yet to make a name for. (If you want the absolute minimum of what I ask for, it would be the characters in the game but Aki as the only playable, the ""airdrift"" physics from ace combat 3d, Sachi's special ""sheepdog AI"", Ren's supportive AI, A few character lines. The airdrift physics and Aki is definitely required.) Aki - The Smart, cocky one that can do anything and Sachi's older brother. By anything I mean get behind the enemy in a blink of an eye. This character has increased speed, mobility, and accuracy stats for their fighter. I don't want to copy directly from Ace combat 3d: Cross rumble, but the Action maneuvers is what these characters are built on. Aki gets an ability after being in a radius around the enemy, which allows him to get behind it with back to back maneuvers. Ren - Defensive. His job is to lure missiles away from Aki and Sachi, but mostly Sachi. He does this by cloning his signal (Like ZOE does in AC3D:CR) or by making the missile lock onto him. His planes can take a beating. Not much else to say. Sachi - The one I've been wanting to talk about. Sachiho Grounds may look weak, but the increased mobility stats allow her to dodge missiles with ease and grace. Her job is to round up enemies into groups so that Aki can obliterate them faster. Her ability would round up a maximum of 7 Nearby planes with maneuvers. The airdrift physics would compliment Aki well. It's a must for this game. I can get a video from Ace combat 3d if needed. The only other thing is that I may want cutscenes... but this would be optional as I wouldn't think it would impact the game much. Just a little challenge. The artstyle can be any type. Over all, I just want Okamimimi base to be a real idea. I'm sorry if this is all confusing (Or too long), I'm really eager to make this a real thing, even though the only thing I'm remotely good at is a little story and a little art. I may or may not have a sketch of this in a week or two, though I don't get a ton of time to do any. (I'm imagining the most I'll get out of this is the rights to my childhood characters stolen and no credit, though I'm not sure. I haven't read through much of this subreddit. Can I get some reassurance that this isn't true.) Thank you for reading my idea, though, with my luck it probably won't become a reality. I'll try to answer any questions anyone has.",1567398844
czlcgo,My MMO Concept that is free to be used by anyone,"Just trying to spread these ideas around in hopes that they designers give thought to when making a game. Here is a quick run-through of the core concepts and key goals that I would like designers to prioritize when making an MMO. &amp;#x200B;  * Theme- It’s all about community. Every gameplay element, all the visuals, history, the story itself… will be determined by the player base. It won’t be a game that will be progressed by a single player but that single player can play a role within it all, that will define the landscape of the game. Players doing quests to kill monsters in the zone will actually make the zone safer to travel and mobs less dense and easier to avoid. Players stealing from and killing NPCs will make the NPCs more hostile and bring more crime to the towns. A guild charging high taxes and oppressing the people of their territories will actually have NPCs put out quest to kill and steal from their members and possibly even overthrow the guild and take the territory for them. Players will need to make friends, overcome their enemies, and at the same time be able to unite during times of crisis to either prevent it, or help push it over the edge. As I said before, it’s a game about community. With its good and bad eggs. It's hardcore and casual player base. PvEers and PvPers. All of these components will be interconnected and while players won’t be forced to play any of the different play styles, these different components of the game will affect the entire community as a whole. This will encourage cooperation and competition between different player bases that may have avoided one another in any other MMO. * Key Goals to Hit  * Do not split the player base  * No content restrictions  * Able to play with your friends who have already been playing the game upon entering the game.  * Heavily incentivize group play  * Give bonuses for grouping up with friends and guildmates  * Add no negative effects for being in a large group  * Reward bigger group content more heavily  * Content should help push people into interaction  * All Content should have some form of interaction with other players.  * Other players can join in to help or hinder you at any time  * At the highest difficulty of the game, grouping becomes mandatory. I have deeper elements like Classes, Stats, game content, the progression systems, etc. If you are wondering about any of other elements you can ask in topic or PM me. please give your thoughts on all these ideas",1567606005
cyd0vo,Your words mean nothing. A picture speaks a thousand words.,"I'm getting sick of reading poorly written paragraphs of confusing nonsense. I'm no better. I'd be terrible at describing existing games to others. Language just seems so incapable of accurately communicating these things we call games. Imagine describing Portal. You shoot a portal into a wall and another where you want to go. You can go from one end to the other and back again. You use that to solve puzzles. That sounds shit and it's a far better description than most you hear on this subreddit. So, what can be done? Draw a picture. Can't draw? Doesn't matter as no one is here for the art. Even a shit drawing can convey what you imagine way better than your rambling ever could. So, just open up whatever and start drawing rectangles and circles and adding text where appropriate. I'd much rather scan some drawings and better understand your idea rather than hoping to decipher the bullshit you smeared onto the internet using your keyboard. It can't be any worse, that's for sure.",1567359865
cmhila,I made a Game based on an Idea from this Sub,"Based off of [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/aqyq47/a_game_where_you_literally_watch_paint_dry/), I made a Mod for the Source Engine where you Watch Paint Dry. I expanded on the idea a bit further than it *just* being about watching paint dry, but I did try to keep it the central idea. You can download it [here](https://www.moddb.com/mods/watching-paint-dry-the-game). * [Screenshots](https://imgur.com/a/cAM6u8K) If this is against the rules for the sub let me know, I tried to contact the mods to see but I didn't get a response.",1565041605
cr3j1l,Co-op game in which one player is tripping on acid and the other player tried to get them back home by manipulating perception.,"You're a little lost and tripping balls. You need to find the way home/back to camp/to the bathroom. You are disoriented and the only thing you can go off of are subtle cues that the other player sends you. Imagine you're in a forest and all the trees start blowing in the same direction. A wave of psychedelic colors cycle in the same direction.. but then a beautiful phoenix flys past in a different direction. A dog barks in the distance. Was that real? What do you do? Which is the right cue? The 'brain' player only has so much influence, and has to manipulate the 'conscious awareness's' senses. Go in the wrong direction? Things get more disorienting and scarier. Game over if your trip meter goes 100% bad. I'm imagining visuals similar to the Dr. Strange movie but real time.",1565944380
cpjhbs,Comprehensive Grand Theft Auto 6 Pitch,"Okay, I know what you're thinking and bear with me. I only just discovered this sub, several months after making a PDF document detailing my idea for GTA 6. I did this purely for fun and creative catharsis, as I detail in the document (for those interested in reading the intro stuff). It's wildly ambitious, borderline absurd, but I spent a decent amount of time thinking it through. The pitch is less about a personal dream storyline or setting, and more about the types of design decisions Rockstar tends to make. This includes a fair bit of criticism from a random guy with no game development experience! What could go wrong?! APOLOGIES IF THIS IS NOT WHAT THE SUB IS FOR. I scrolled through others' posts and it seemed like a pretty chill environment. Anyway, I thought, what the hell, someone might get a kick out of this. It's pretty long and broken up into chapters with pictures, etc. Anyone who gives it a shot, I'd love to hear your thoughts, as it's more of a discussion-piece than an actual pitch (obviously). \[Grand Theft Auto Six\]([https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nAJEo7gYlUxuaoeZ1Z9Z5DPVOpPdp84N/view?usp=sharing](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nAJEo7gYlUxuaoeZ1Z9Z5DPVOpPdp84N/view?usp=sharing)) NOTE: Didn't think it was worth branding NSFW but it is GTA we're talking about here, and I like swearing.",1565647800
cu2r10,Cthulhu meets Battle royale,"All current Battle Royales seem to be rather light hearted. WHat if there was an Battle royale where everything is dark and gloomy. You don't find weapons but pages of the necronomicon. Reading them activates the some effect, replacing the arm with tentacles, teaching the reader a spell, summons a demon(hopefully a sacrifice is nearby.) Just an outlandish game idea.",1566504010
cm78cy,A game where you work for the mafia and have to kill police informants. It's called Whack-A-Mole.,,1564985391
cxa996,A dungeon looter or survival game in which the only way to beat the game is to sacrifice all your resources for a final one-way trip.,"In the 1997 movie Gattaca, two brothers would always compete on the beach to see who could swim out furthest from shore, and the *weakest* of the two brothers won every time. The stronger brother, despite having more stamina, invariably turned back first knowing he needed to save some energy for the swim back. He asked his brother how he always won, and the brother admitted his secret was that he never planned on coming back. ### We can apply this theme to a survival game: Picture a survival game in which the player is stranded in the middle of nowhere. He can travel from his campsite to gather resources, but he always has to take enough supplies to survive the journey back to camp. He gets better stuff, improves his production and even finds a helpful cargo mule that lets him travel further than ever, but the player never finds rescue. To the East is a desert he doesn't travel because it doesn't have resources. At night there are lights on the horizon beyond the desert. The player has tried to cross the desert but has always had to turn back. At some point the player has to make a decision that will let him cross the desert. He has to completely tear down his campsite to get the raw materials he'll need for the journey, load up his faithful mule and leave nothing behind. Deep into the desert, food and water will get scarce and the player will have to decide to let his mule die in order to have enough for himself. Yoshi sacrifice. It's the player's [Wilson](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaQa4ttIyNo) moment. It'll be the only way to cross the desert. ### This also works for a rougelike dungeon looter: A dungeon looter in which the player reaches lower floors for better gear (which will let him go even deeper on the next run) but he'll lose everything he collected if he doesn't survive the journey backl. Like Darkest Dungeon, the player is trained to start a run with empty inventory slots to have enough space for loot. Collected loot will be unusable until it's refined/repaired at base camp, so you can't use gear on the run you collected it. Eventually the player will plateau, and reaching lower floors to face the final boss will seem impossible... unless the player decides to ignore loot. They'd have to fill their inventory to the brim, ignore the most tempting loot ever, and use up their supplies without saving any for a journey back. It's the only way to reach the final boss, and it would be amazing to see a player suddenly realize this.",1567129125
cpu5mz,"A golf game, but in a zombie apocalypse world. You have guns and golf clubs.","Fend off approaching zombies to get your golf shot off. The closer the zombies get, the harder it is to hit the golf ball the way you want, because you get scared and shake more with decreased distance between you and the zombies. You can shoot the zombies, set traps, or hit them with your clubs if they get close enough.",1565707731
cs2o7c,Realistic 1 bullet kills war game w/ body hopping,"Remember the original version of the Rainbow Six videogame? One bullet was enough to kill or permanently maim, even with body armor. Take that realism, use it in a war shooter game, and then add a unique respawn system, where the camera leaves your dead body, and zooms into another soldier's body somewhere else in the operation. Then balance the difficulty until the average player dies as much as the casualty rate in that event.  Imagine how dangerous it would feel to storm the beaches of Normandy, w/out Call of Duty's bs regen mechanic? Or other famous battles. Especially if the game spent some effort to humanize the soldiers you play as with voice lines, and realistic portrayals.",1566142550
cn9mcu,A game where it's post apocalypse and religions form around pop culture.,"A massive event has happened, humans have forgotten religions such as Christianity and Islam, instead everyone found relics of old pop culture and formed religions around that. There are religions built around stuff as silly as Care Bears and My Little Pony. Except the names are changed for copyright reasons. All these different religions based on old pop culture and cartoons think their religion is the correct religion. Your goal is to pick a group and do battle with the others. Spread your religion and make new converts.",1565202659
codudr,"Rock, Paper, Anything","2 players square off with an odd number of judges. Played like rock, paper, scissors, but anything can be declared. For example: Player 1 says: Chainsaw Player 2 says: Zombies The judges might rule: Chainsaw beats Zombies Another example: Player 1 says: Atomic Bomb Player 2 says: Wolverine Judges rule Wolverine for he survived an atomic blast once. Ties can happen too. An example might be: Player 1: A Team Player 2: Stormtroopers Both Ateam and Stormtroopers never hit what they aim at, so both sides would shoot at each other til they run out of bullets or laser bullets and feel ashamed and go home. It is all what the judges say. So the tricky part is having three players. It could get automated if you saved the judge results in a database... and when similar fuzzy search items come up, you could refer back to it. Wow, I just searched for the domain to see if it is available and it appears... this game has already been invented on Minecraft forums... well it is cool to invent games already made. Now the programmer in me is thinking... how could I automate it and I have some ideas...",1565413544
co0ddr,A Wizardry game based around using runes to build spells,"The game would be built around a system where in players would build their own spells out of six elemental runes which they would align into sequences 3-4 runes long, the runes would be Fire, Water, Earth, Air, Wood, and Metal, each has three possible uses depending on its position in the sequence of runes, the first rune defines the ""shape"" of a spell, is it an Explosion, is it a Wall, Ect- the Middle runes define the elemental effects and whether its a ""sub element"" like Steam or Mud rather than a Primary element- Finally the last rune defines its activation- does it activate in a ""beam"" from the caster is it a Trap cast upon the ground, or perhaps it is shot as a ball In addition there would be a bit of elemental rock paper scissors in that the elements are weakened or strengthened by others, Wood fuels fire, Fire Tempers Metal, Metal Sharpens Air, Air cycles water, Water gathers earth, earth feeds wood While I Personally Believe that this could work best as a Rogue like game, I understand that it could be used for something else.",1565345693
co8i4s,Horror game where you play for possesed character,"So the idea is simple, it is horror game but there is no villain coming after you, instead you slowly become villain, lose control over your body and kill other people. Your goal is to break it before you loose control completly. As you progress in the game, you controls come more more and more unrelyable and there would be more moments of sudden quirks when you unvoluntarily kill someone. Sometimes your victims may try to fight back and at the end of the game, your friends cant know if you already totaly lost control or not and will try to fight you. You would have halucinations, see strange things, see different face in mirror or hear voices. Sometimes in dialogue with characters, you choose to say something but your characters say something else. At the beggining, it would start as innocent, you may sometimes do some nonsense that you could adress to clumsiness but after some time, you will find, that something is not in order.",1565384606
cunbql,An MMO game where half of the players are actually advanced AIs programmed to act like players.,"Part of the game would be figuring out which people are robots and which are actually people. The robots would learn to chat like players, and every game update would make them more player-like. They would start at level 1 like regular players and level up the same way. Imagine starting a strong guild with lots of close friendships, only to find out that some of them are actually bots the entire time! &amp;#x200B; Every time a character makes an account, another ""bot"" account is created. Perhaps the bot would be the opposite gender of the corresponding player to keep it balanced, and be reversed in other ways.",1566611427
cy9mrq,Saving humanity as a robot,Basically the player is a robot sent by the humans before humanity got extinct. Now you have to reconstruct humanity on a different planet. On the planet the gameplay is kinda like factorio and you have to collect resources to build many buildings and little factories to build chambers for babies to be born in. After enough humans are born and reach adulthood they want to shut you off because you are the leader and control everything in the little town you build. So the gameplay turns into defending yourself and you have to kill every human again. A cool feature would also be that you only start with a radar and a scanner so you can only detect ores. With the ores you will continue to build more senses so you can finally see your world in color. It also adds that you kinda feel your robot grow up and develop an understanding of what it's mission is.,1567342752
clknoo,What would be an interesting core mechanic for a 2d platformer you haven't ever seen in any game so far?,"Just whatever comes to your mind, no matter how ridiculous it may sound. It has to be a core mechanic, not necessarily the only one in the game, but everything should revolve around it. Something to do with gravity? Telekinesis? Teletransportation? A mashup of different things?",1564849709
cvrrbm,"A game where you are a birdwatcher, looking down on a park, and you witness people and animals going about their days","I was thinking the other day about how to combine my loves for slow, relaxing games; collecting games; and games with interweaving plot lines. I came up with this: you are a birdwatcher, up on a bluff that overlooks a large city park. You look down on the park, and can use your binoculars to zoom in. A clock is also always visible on screen. You can see birds, animals, families, couples, etc., all doing various things. All the events that transpire are pre-scripted and planned to be interesting and engaging, and they are automatically recorded in your journal when you witness them. For example: if a small chipmunk catches your eye, you might follow him for a while as he gathers nuts, until he suddenly is swiped up by a hawk that dives in from high above. Your notes pop up: ""11:32 am - hawk kills chipmunk."" You hear a child crying, and you pan over to see that a child was watching the chipmunk too, and was sad to see it killed. You could then follow the hawk and see where it goes with its kill, or you could follow the family and see how they calm the child down, or you could decide you're done with that story and try to find something else. Restarting the game, you could find the child before he sees the kill, and see what he is up to before he starts crying. Maybe he's happily playing with a friend earlier in the day, and you can then decide to follow the friend and see what he gets up to. The game is designed to be high in replayability in this way. You can follow dozens of different stories and characters throughout the day at the park, and the game could even be extended to be several days, and you could follow story threads from day to day. Maybe a couple is going through a breakup, and you can see how their actions from day to day reflect that situation. For completionists' sake, there is a journal that records all activity and characters that you have seen. Filling that up, and figuring out how to do it quickly via pattern memorization, could be another level of challenge for people who don't like to just observe. This game concept opens the door to unique experiences for each person playing, even though all events are scripted, making it ideal for the current ""experience""-based gaming climate. Everyone would want to try it out to see what unique events they can find, but no one would ever feel like they were losing out on anything, because the scripted nature makes it easy to look up a walkthrough. It has opportunities for humor, emotion, and excitement, and scratches the itch for relaxing and collecting. This could even be easily converted to VR. Now if only I had any talent for programming...",1566843042
cwnx2w,A game multiplayer game meant to be played by a cat or dog and a humans:,"There are videos like this on youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mr292PG5vs8 Meant to be watched by cats. My brother's cat loves them. There are also interactive games for touch screens where if the cat touches the screen where the fish is it swims away. My thought is to make the fish playable by a human with a controller. That alone is cool, but I had a couple of ideas beyond that. Make is a competition of sorts where you (as the fish) have to try to avoid being touched by the cat on the touch screen. The player could choose how fast the fish can maneuver etc to balance based on how the cat interacts The other idea I had is to have multiple humans each control a fish and they are all competing against each other. Of course this is all contingent on the cat playing along so results will vary, but I think it could work very well with a lot of cats.",1567013178
cxr1cp,Fur Trade game set in Canada,"First, I’m on mobile, don’t hurt me. I have had this idea for a game set in the 16/1700s, where you are a fur trader/explorer and must deliver furs to other Forts/Towns for money/resources. This will be story-oriented, and most likely based on a famous fur trader/explorer of the times (research pending). The core gameplay loop will be of your journeys between towns. This will incorporate survival elements, mainly the cold, harsh winters and lack of shelter/food/water. I don’t want it to be super detailed or simulated, but it should be pretty difficult as a player. If it gets too cold or the journey is too long, you will have to seek shelter, either by making a camp or lean-to, or by building more permanent buildings in the mid-late game. The end goal will tie into the story, either a certain unexplored location, or a town with long lost friends/family/whatever that live there. While you are delivering furs to make some money and continue on your journey, you will need more equipment to protect yourself from the elements, wildlife, and (potentially) bandits/roving gangs. Equipment will come from towns, obtained through trading or currency. Missions will also be available in towns, to reward/encourage exploration. Mapping the country could be an example of this. This is where the scope extends to AAA, and I need to limit myself. I’ve had ideas for faction systems, morality systems, complex animal/enemy AI, hunting to get your own furs, town building, etc. Not all (or probably even many) could make it into the game, but they’d be cool nonetheless. Finally, the most important part of the game will be the setting. I want to explore (through the story) the political landscape of the times, how the First Nations were treated, and generally what life was like as a fur trader. All of this is, of course, set in my home country of Canada, where the story could be educational while also being entertaining. I’m going for a The Long Dark meets The Revenant meets Red Dead Redemption style vibe, where there is hard survival as well as a deep, entertaining story. I am going to uni in a few days, where I will begin to learn the skills to make this game myself, and probably a few others. What do you guys and gals think? Any suggestions? Constructive criticism is always welcome 😊",1567221482
cw0zpt,Looking for cool ideas for a small VR game,It shouldn't have any guns because almost every VR game has guns and it's somehow boring now.,1566890680
cuvj93,"Slime, start at zero.","Reincarnation manga turned into a game concept. The player is a slime. Every time the player enters a maze they start as level 0. Every enemy they defeat adds a level (extra portion to the health bar), and gives the player a ability depending on the enemy. The whole idea is going from defenseless slime to overpowered slime demon over the play of the a 15 min game. &amp;#x200B; This is a battle royale game for 4-16 players. The maze is full of traps and AI enemies, and it is completely possible to win by having other players die before you ever meet them. The game must be fast paced, so that players can shrug off losses and ignore them. Instead of a blue wall the maze rooms collapse into a internal abyss causing instant death. &amp;#x200B; Meta game is about maze navigation. Points given for success in the game allow the player to purchase new tools for navigation. The important part is that none of these tools actually help during combat. It allows faster exploration and that means more enemies that gives more abilities but also means exposure to more dangers. Game expansions can bring in abilities to change the maze, making it easier or more difficult, room by room. &amp;#x200B; PVP is what the game is really about. Killing a player gives you all the abilities they had and also the tools. Tools and abilities disappear at the end of the level. Players act like bosses for each other. As a catch up mechanic a player gets a passed life token for every death. These tokens can be used to purchase power ups.",1566664178
cwf1ys,A 2D stealth game about a raccoon mind in a girl’s body who takes plans from other criminals to rob something and then sells her loot on the dark web,"Story: an evil corporation steals the mind of a scientist daughter to make her an AI for them. The scientist then puts a raccoon’s mind into his daughter’s body and tells them to steal his daughter back Gameplay: each mission is split up into 3 fazes #1.you go to a local prison and sneak around ease dropping on inmates listening to what got them in there. You figure out what they did wrong and do it yourself #2.you go to wherever they tried to rob and use all the criminal’s good ideas to get in and substitute their bad ideas with your own to rob the place #3.you go on the dark web and look for people to sell too. Once you find someone you meet them in person and try to get as much money as you can by convincing them to pay more. But be careful because talk too much and you might end up with a gun to your face and no money Look and feel: the look I have in mind will be quite similar to katana zero as in retro 2D pixel art. The feeling will be like your a rodent going around undetected ruining things as you go along. You can hide under a desk and wait till a body guard walks up to you can jump out and kick them in the face, you could climb up into a lamp and drop it on an armored guards head, you could lure a bunch of guards way from a bank vault by exposing yourself and running so you can rob the bank while they look for you in another room. Ideally there would be a way to deal with every problem you face",1566961725
cve5bt,Pigeon fighting,"Everyone is a pigeon on a map, and certain foods drop onto the map, like French fries. Certain foods give certain special abilities. Big foods like a whole cheeseburger give super strength. Healthy foods like lettuce, give a regeneration ability. Candies and sugary foods give speed. Foods without special abilities make your pigeon bigger. Certain modes can be a 1v1, 2v2, 3v3, 50v50, or 100v100. There are certain pigeon skins you can unlock after completing challenges like: “don’t eat any superfoods” or “win within the first 1 minute” everyone starts out with a basic pigeon, and as you progress, you get better pigeons.",1566766739
cnn1ap,Frame-by-frame Fighting Game,"Fighting games are notorious for their speed, reflexes needed and needing to read the opponent. Do you think a frame-by-frame fighting game (think of it as played by correspondence, only that both players choose their current input at the same time) could be interesting? The closest thing I can recall is toribash in which both players give some inputs, they are played out and then new inputs are requested. However, toribash is interesting because of its ragdoll mechanics, which makes it interesting to see how an attack fleshes out, while you can perfectly guess that in a regular game.",1565276886
cr09sf,"3D ""shooter"" where your weapon is a flashlight that manipulates time for whatever's in the beam","There are a bunch of ways this could be used, here are the two that I came up with: \* 1st-person game where you are a pacifist alien trying to get to and capture/take control of a world dictator in order to save humanity \* Portal-like game where various time-stopping or time-speeding modes are unlockable for your device as you solve a sequence of more complex puzzles",1565923886
cq3fp3,A 5-player first-person mystery solving game mixed with horror where you play as the Scooby Doo gang.,"Mission style could be quest based in a real time city, with you driving around GTA style in the Mystery Machine. Or, selectable missions like Left 4 Dead, wherein the objectives randomize to keep things fresh. Each character is a class with unique abilities, Scooby is either playable or Shaggy uses Scooby as a unique ability.",1565749840
cq8nz4,"A Merge Cooking Game, similar to Doodle God?","So I'm huge into cooking but I just never have the time or energy to cook what I want. I think it would be really cool to make a game where you have a certain amount of ingredients, or maybe you can buy additional ingredients, and just mix and match and see what you come up with. Maybe start with something simple like Heat + potato = baked potato or egg + water = batter. Something like that. And as you learn more and more recipes, you can figure out more advanced recipes, like chicken parmigiana or curry or something. When you start advancing, maybe you can put together 3 or 4 ingredients at a time to make certain recipes instead of the normal 2. Maybe a simple story/setting is you're a starting chef in a new restaurant, or maybe you're the owner, and you're trying to make better and better dishes to serve maybe you could have a starting balance of 20 dollars and order veggies and other items from a store, cook them into something better, and make profit to buy and cook more complex items and kitchen ware. I was also thinking, once you make the simple recipe in the game, you could see the actual recipe in a link or something so you could make it yourself IRL. Maybe a sort of harvest-moon-esque sort of ""cooking simulator?"" I'm not sure, but I'd be ecstatic if someone could actually make this. I've been dreaming about it for a year or 2 now, and I've always loved merging games, ever since I played Doodle God way back when for the first time, and I just think it would be an awesome twist on culinary games. Please tell me what you think, any and all of you! This is my first post on here, and I searched it up specifically to get this idea out.",1565783971
cv1nl4,Running for President,"Free play: •You are going to run for President. You have to run as either as Republican or a Democrat. (It doesn’t make sense to have another party because you couldn’t win) •You can either choose to be a woman or a man with the most 5 popular male names or the 5 most popular female names in the US •The story begins with you assembling your team of advisers, campaign managers, and consultants. They are randomly generated with different skill sets •When starting your campaign, you will be randomly given the position of governor, senator, representative, or mayor. ( Or you can play the campaign mode with three set story lines) •You will have to participate in debates, hold fundraisers in different states, as well as hold campaign rallies in swing states •Throughout the campaign, you could be hit with several different types of scandals, such as women claiming sexual assault from your past, race riots in your home district, state, or city(mayor), and other things that could be dug up from your past •If you make it through the primaries and become your parties nominee, you move on to the general election, facing off against the nominee in the other party •You will continue to have rallies and debates, all the way until the election •If you win, then you can save the game, and start a new campaign, and if you lose, you have to start over Campaign •There will be three story modes available, all which you can choose from the beginning •Each of the three stories has a candidate with their own background •(Haven’t made too many decisions for the campaign yet) Gameplay •During debates, speeches, or press conferences, a series of options for what to say will come up and you have to choose what you believe will be the best one • You will have the ability to choose your candidates race, sexuality, and gender (All of which can be more or less difficult based on the party and identity you choose) •The election will always be held in the 2024 •You also have to get people to finance your campaign, unless you were born very wealthy (which is randomly chosen along with the place you were born) •The swing states can vary between each election ( however the states most likely to be chosen as swing states in order are Pennsylvania, Florida, Ohio, Nevada, Michigan, North Carolina, Wisconsin, Virginia, Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, and Texas) Future updates and/or dlc’s •The ability to run in other countries •The ability to run as a member of a previous administration or as a businessman/woman Any suggestions as to what could be improved or added?",1566694143
cy4v0y,4x game where you play as an Ancient Galactic Race guiding planet-bound races through technological and social advancement so they meet your standards.,"[](/emperorgummy)You play as an all-powerful alien race who discovers a planet with one or more intelligent species on it and takes it upon themselves to guide their future. The win condition is not promoting your own society, but making an entire planet not entirely within your control advance to faster-than-light stages without blowing themselves or their neighbors up. A little similar to Reus if any of you have played that. What exactly that means is up to you. Want to make them your personal warrior race? Want them to join the Galactic Alliance? Want them to worship you as gods? Go for it. You can give them gravitation lasers or whatever at any point, but introducing powerful technology early increases their chances of misusing it or becoming dependent on you and stopping their own development. Maybe you can gene tailor them to your needs, maybe you think that's immoral. You may have to step in on their internal war and political matters, but do you want them to be shaped perfectly by your ideology or think for themselves? They may also resent you if you push them too far too fast. Do you guide them with a gentle touch, take over their government, or secretly infiltrate their society?",1567307000
ct63xn,You play as a black hole,"The player is a black hole, traversing the universe gobbling up everything in their path. The more they gobble, the bigger they get. Eventually an alien species gets angry at the player for gobbling up their planets. They construct anti-gravity devices and other implements to combat the player's spread. The other big enemy in the game would be competing black holes. Not sure how that would work from a game mechanics standpoint. Eventually you'd go from swallowing planets and stars and gas, to swallowing whole galaxies.. then eventually the entire universe. Once the player finishes with the universe, I think it would be cool to zoom in on the player's black hole and ""pass through"" it to reveal an entirely new universe, starting back at square one.",1566334802
csexu4,Roguelite Steam Punk meets Lovecraftian 'blood' Horror (Blood Punk) use your own blood to fight,"I've been sitting and reiterating on a game for a while and wanted to get feedback on the general game idea :O I'm no artist but I'm meh at pixel art enough to be able to get something good looking over a period of time, on the programming side I've lended for Unity for prototypes but I'll probably design my own engine since I've done that before and found it preferable in the long run. # Theme The theme is a mix between a mechanical steam punk (a lot of bronze steam powered mechs and machines) with a lovecraftian horror twist. Basically the idea is that these beautiful pristine machines are really powered by blood which is constantly extracted from children and other individuals forced to work the machines. I think it puts an interesting twist. The other side is the deeper alternate world where you pay allegiance to lovecraftian gods (getting various buffs/debuffs that change the play style) these can be changed throughout and are meant to improve variability. # 'Story' You play travellers that were taken out of time itself by some 'grim reaper' like figure forced to replay their lives for the amusement of the gods. However the course has an interesting benefit, your blood has become sickened with the power of the gods allowing you to wield it! # Gameplay Isaac Style more than anything else. The main mechanic is the blood, your health is in terms of vials. Everytime you use an attack it uses up some of the vials (various items of course modify this in various ways) you can also charge up attacks to use more blood -&gt; more damage modifiers. Attacks are mostly ranged but weapons exist in a sort of nuclear throne destroying projectiles and spread way. But the weapon projectile that is spawned (the arc) is actually affected by all items making switching between melee and ranged actually meaningful and not just a useless decision. Been tossing up 2 movement systems haven't really decided. \- The first is much more floaty, your character always aims towards the 'mouse' and you strafe quite rapidly but your forward/back movement in combat is quite slow meant to emphasise that your not naturally a fighter and not very athletic outside of your powers. \- The second is very Legend of Zelda/Isaac with the intended way being WASD to move and UP/DOWN/LEFT/RIGHT to fire the same movement rules still apply as above but it's more clunky, I kinda like the clunkiness from what I've found it makes fights more chaotic and intense with a higher skill cap. It also means items don't just give you a victory you still have to play reasonably well since getting cornered makes it significantly harder to escape. This is still mostly the case with the floaty movement. Of course there are intended to be thousands of items and combinations and synergies and that stuff. But more interestingly are the god buffs since they can rapidly change how things are played, to giving you the ability to fire tendrils that slam down on enemies (that then become your source of dmg rather than your blood) to having the ability to sweet talk NPCs into giving you better deals and even joining ur fight. Each 'level' consists of a variety of locations including a ton of NPCs, the whole point is to explore the level fight a few enemies but also interact with the NPCs, maybe try to steal some of their goods, convert them or sacrifice them to a god. There is of course the mechs which are sort of the opposite of the gods (and yes I eventually plan to allow you to go down that route and be able to pilot one) they require you to research them in various ways (use the engine a certain way) or perform experiments on individuals to upgrade them. They are also very dangerous as enemies and an interesting faction in some ways. They aren't intended as an every run case but more of thing to chase towards the middle of a run before you really lock in a god (they get more and more hard to accomplish the more you go do the 'god' route). Bosses are the hardest thing for me to design, I can't do things like the Cthulhu since the whole point of having these gods is that they are unkillable, even seeing them makes you go crazy, you can't fight something like that without cheapening them. The mechs are interesting but kinda flawed. I'm mostly just going for occult leaders with crazy god powers and some other things. # My Thoughts I feel like the steampunk doesn't add much sure it leads to some cool items and allows the world to have some colour and flavour and some contrast to the dreariness (the game isn't meant to be a horror game!!!) but I feel like it doesn't gel well with the rest it conflicts with it. Having a binary choice is never necessarily bad but it could lead to people feeling like one is worse and so it really just becomes singular. I also feel the scope is relatively large there isn't anything hard persay but things like mech design adds quite a heavy weight. I've considered completely dropping mechs but keeping a steampunk theme, the shops still have tons of little pipes, the cities are powered by it (blood still of course :P) and perhaps having these kind of steam 'bio-enhancements' that replace parts of your body with a steam powered alternative which passively uses up more blood as it's power (this kinda works out well since it plays into the risk vs reward) but gives greater buffs! This is also much smaller in scope since mechs are kinda insane to design for a pretty amateur pixel artist. Idk, I would love to hear general thoughts :).",1566208580
coyu6o,How to make Sonic great again,"As someone who was a Sonic fan during the Genesis era, I'm pretty disappointed in where Sonic has been going. Trying to make it ""edgy"" and bringing it into the world of 3D gaming has backfired horribly on nearly all occasions (though I'll admit, Generations was pretty decent). That said, here's how I'd update it while still keeping to its roots of what made it good to begin with: * Go back to a side-scrolling style, but in a 2.5D style (similar to what they did in Generations). Add a few new moves, like jumping off walls or slamming down hard, but not so many new moves that it gets complicated. Add a few branching paths to each level so the replay value is better. * Create a large map where you can move from level to level similar to games like New Super Mario Bros. Also add hidden levels, bonus stages, etc. * Have a story that's not overly complicated, i.e. Eggman has taken over the different lands and you have to stop him. Nothing weird like with King Arthur or whatever. * Take it out of the real world and only have animal characters like in the classic games. * Get rid of the edgy hard rock and go back to the synth style of music from the classic games. * None of the characters can talk. I don't see why it's so hard for Sonic Team to make a game like this. I'm not a developer but I still know what makes a good game.",1565540991
cmajvr,A PvP game (FPS?) but it's self balancing. The losing team's side of the map adapts itself in order to help,,1565009261
cng1hn,Bad Guy Game: Modern Mad Scientist,"Basically a game where you play as a mad scientist who is inspired by Frankenstein, and wants to create the ultimate monster. At first you start off by yourself, you have the money to set up a Laboratory in any country, but only one to start - think of it similar to selecting a base for XCOM. You use your remaining funds to recruit henchmen to go out and abduct people for experimentation - dissecting bodies, getting body parts, and as you progress, eventually get into genetic manipulation. You will of course need further funds in order to keep your henchmen happy (they're not working for free), and will need to get funding from shady businesses, fulfill requests, and eventually they will provide you with subjects. A while later, you'll start to need more than just human subjects for your experiments, but also animals and other species so you can possibly combine them - like Human + Wolf = Werewolf. Is there a reason you are doing this? Science! Discovery! Because you can! Because only you can! Results are what matters! As you discover, you can make more and new terrifying monsters! Frankenstein was a legend, you will rise above him and become more than him!",1565235185
cmyes2,Squish your head,"Open app, take panorama of your head. You are now in the database tracked by low grade facial recognition and gps. If you are in range of someone who has a squishable head, a notification comes up to open app. Pinch the square of their head in augmented reality to squish their head. Once your head is squished, you cannot squish that person's head until next day. You can squish other's heads though that have not squished yours.",1565136458
cojt8s,Nerf fps shooter,"A first person Multiplayer shooter with nerf guns each gun would have stats going from 0 to 100 like: -Precision (wich affects how straight the darts fly) -Aimability (the higher it is the faster you can use ironsight/Scope ,huge weapons like the megalodon would a have a aimability of 0) -power (affects how far the dart goes) -damage (of course every gun deals different damage) -weight (effects aimability and how fast you can go) -maybe a jam chance (some fast firing weapons would have a higher Chance to jam that would help balancing the game Also you could choose wich darts you use These would also affect the stats Precision ,power and damage Weapon customisation: -different scopes -lasers and flashlights -different magazines -stocks -different barrels and everything else i think you get it (Of course they would effect the stats) Every gun and dart would act like in realife Btw: A hit with a missile would be a oneshot but of course you would only have 1-2 and they are pretty hard to aim What do you think? Would you play it? could it be balanced ? Do you have any other ideas for the game? but most importantly Wich stats should the jolt have?!",1565452827
crmnzw,2D Space Mining game,"I have just started with game development and for my first project I wanted to make a mining game in space, as it's one of my favorite activities in space sims such as Eve Online. It turns out it's really difficult to come up with ideas to make it engaging and fun. What do you think that mining games do right? Why are they fun and engaging? &amp;#x200B; (This is what I've done so far. It's prettu much just the start basis of the game: [https://roxicaro.itch.io/mining-boi](https://roxicaro.itch.io/mining-boi) )",1566051339
cooeni,The thing survival horror online game,"Based in the Stephen King best seller ""The thing"" this game will use concepts from the cinema adaptations. Using a system like other famous games like Friday the 13th, Dead by Daylight and the coming Predator: Hunting grounds. A group of people who have to survive and defeat the creature while it is killing them one by one on a map set in Antarctica that contains a large scientific base, archeological zones, a crashed helicopter in the middle of nowhere, and even an area of ​​caverns on the ice. It will also be possible to use snowmobiles (fast but unsafe) and a track vehicle (slow but safer) The Thing would be able to assimilate other players and even draft dogs that would be resting in a kennel at the scientific base. In addition it could transform into a horrible creature when it had enough energy (different transformations would be available that could only be used once each during the entire game). Another feature is that The Thing is fully capable of sabotaging the survivors either by damaging the vehicles or cutting off the base's power supply by forcing them to lower the basements to start the emergency generators which take time to get ready. The survivors would have at the start the game a walkie-talkie and a flashlight. All players would have predetermined aspects randomized. Inside the map you can find objects that allow players to defend themselves as guns, flamethrowers and shotguns. Objects that can help them hide or find The Thing. Depending on the area you can find objects or others of different rarity.",1565474921
cwym2s,Drop-Top Taxi - A VR taxi game in which you drive an open-top convertible and have to run into things to make them fall into your car (including your fares).,"90% of the fun in physics sim VR games is fooling around with the interactions of objects and their physics. This is a taxi game built specifically for this type of enjoyment. The game is a cross between [Enviro Bear 2000](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLbFz8jqe6c) and Crazy Taxi. All the controls in the car are physics based, so you'll need to press down on the gas with whatever heavy objects you have rolling around in your car. And you only have two hands, so you'll have to multitask the steering wheel, stick shift, pedals, e-brake, radio, GPS navigator, fare meter and the needs of your passenger all at the same time. **Need to pick up a fare?** Easy. Just ram into them at a decent speed, and they'll smack on your hood, roll up your windshield and fall into one of your open seats. **One of your fares mentioned they're hungry?** Run over a hotdog stand and hand him one of the hotdogs that are now sliding around the floor of your taxi. Oh, they won't eat a hotdog without mustard? I think I saw a mustard bottle rolling on your dashboard... or rub the hotdog with some of the mustard that's smeared on your windshield. Then maybe eat one of the hotdogs yourself if you feel peckish. You can also grab things out the side of your car as you drive by. **Arrived at your fare's destination?** Grab him by the collar and chuck him out the side. You could even save time by drive-by tossing them for a buzzer-beater 3-pointer.",1567071714
cp7hm2,Multi-genre set of Integrated Games,"I originally conceptualized this as a single massive game, but the scope was ridiculous and the marketability a major challenge. Therefore the idea morphed into the following: Create a series of games, each with its own genre, set in the same universe. The games would share linked data and results and decisions made in one of the games would impact the options and outcomes within the other games. As an example the set might include the following: 1. A 4X game (setting the macro scope of the game universe) - doing 4x things like research into technology, exploring and expanding and gathering resources and political/military goals. Developing diplomatic relations. 2. An RTS game (one level down) - taking military campaign ideas generated within the 4X game and setting the tactics and strategy. Base building, unit equiping, supply line management etc. 3. A tactical co-op FPS (two levels down) - Playing out the individual skirmishes as part of the RTS campaign. Technology and weapons and setting based on data from 4X game. 4. A 3rd Person Adventure game (one/two levels down) - exploring an open world, scouting and expanding map data, scouting enemy battle lines, finding treasures and lost technology, exploring ruins, completing spy missions. The games should each be fully functioning autonomous games which simulate any data that cannot be gathered from the other games human players in time. That means if there is no human player to complete a campaign in the RTS than the 4X game would ask for the RTS engine to simulate the result. If there are insufficient human players in the FPS, bots control the NPC's and the campaign moves forward. Players in each of the Down Level games will be able to jump in and out of active scenarios. Random missions are available to Down level games if there are insufficient job requests Up level. Player success in each game is tracked and visible in each of the other games and whenever a new job is available (scout, spy, general, soldier) the player can choose to bid for the job. Players in the corresponding games would have the option to choose the most qualified player to complete the task, or choose to simulate the result. The time for completing specific tasks in the 4X would correlate to the time it would take to achieve the results in the Down Level games. The exact setting and details of how to execute this flavor wise as well as the level of graphical detail are less important that the interaction between the games and the corresponding leader boards. Depending on the budget and scope a developer could start with any one of these games and use the funds generated to generate the next game in the set. The integration of these games would need to be planned into the development from the beginning, but as each game is designed as a stand alone product, they do not need to be developed simultaneously. Finally, the exact list of games and the genres included are not nailed down, nor is my example list exhaustive. The idea is to create an interconnected gaming universe that can pull players from multiple genres and expose them to other games. A player who loves FPS games may be incentivized to pick of the RTS or the 3rd Person Adventure games since they feel the influence of those games on their gameplay. Likewise the 4X player might find it fun to jump into their world and go exploring, or play out a campaign themselves jumping into the other games and back at will. Other game genres which could be explored: 1. Farming/Town/Improvement Management (land and technology passed from 4X) 2. Trade and Negotiation Sim (scenarios passed to and from 4X) 3. Design game (creating weapons, clothing, vehicles, buildings as assets for use in other games)",1565584404
ctu02z,The Eldritch Crusade,"It's an eldritch horror game that takes place in medieval Europe. You're an Inquisitor sent to check up on a port town. Everyone within the town is slowly going insane, attacking others, morphing into strange creatures (""demons"") and worst of all, turning their heads from the Lord Almighty. Working with a group of Crusaders trapped in the town, you find out where this bastard god is. It retaliates. And after your new friends are killed, you alone, injured and half-inane, must decend the depths... And start a one-man Eldritch Crusade. DEUS VULT!!",1566458988
cqwdjz,Idle game ideas?,,1565904747
crennd,Scooter Cavalry RTS or TPS,"(I saw this [Art](https://www.artstation.com/artwork/babQev) from [Johnson Ting](https://www.artstation.com/johnsonting) and I had a idea of Game) # Game Mechanics: The mechanics would be simple, a certain group of **Scooter Knights** skating on a long velodrome, each team would advance in an opposite direction on the track, which would lead to their collision periodically. The velodrome would have a wall separating each side, and the goal of each team is to push the other into curves of the Velodrome to win the round, which each curve would be the ""bases"" of the teams. These collisions would take the advantage of the group that could do the most ""damage"" to the opponent. Not necessarily killing them, but either knocking them over, or temporarily comatose them (which would leave them out of the round for x seconds). (Oh, and yes, attacking someone in the back would be unthinkable for a knight, so it would be interesting for this kind of attitude to cause fouls and punishments in the game). The topography of this velodrome would be like might vary, with the possibility of containing ripples that would allow jumps (as in a motocross track) and further escalating the difficulty. &amp;#x200B; **Regarding the classes, it would depend a lot on the gameplay goal.** Something more ""serious"" and realistic like Counter Strike / Fifa, where they would treat Skating Riders like players on a football team or something more fanciful, involving unchangeable champions/heroes. If these classes were extremely different from each other, it would become an RTS/Moba, as it would require a metagame with tankers, supports and so on. Which could be interesting but hard to balance (like any other moba). I particularly like different classes, but of course, it depends a lot on the style of gameplay. However, if the differences were minimal, it would be interesting to make the classes vary between speed, balance, maneuverability and strength (enough force to take down the other enemy), in this case, not involving weapons, which in themselves could alter the class of the enemy. character. Weapons could be a tricky subject if the characters in the game were like ""football team players"", where these characters would have a specific role with a variety of weapons that would aid that role. For example, some role could involve a weapon with a high cadence to fire suppression shots, while other weapons could have a larger calibri and impact to destabilize a specific opponent. **Of course, this idea could be an RTS or a TPS in this style.** &amp;#x200B; But for some people it may also seem like a waste of potential to turn ""just"" a sports game. One could create a game of extreme maneuvers while players would need to develop their reflexes quite a bit to make complex maneuvers while executing their enemies. Of course, you could include various types of skate ramps and handlebars to allow you to move around the map, creating specific roles for each ramp type (snipers could choose the ones that allow you to spend more time in the air). &amp;#x200B; Well, this concept that Johnson created is **very interesting**. I always keep daydreaming about the unique game concepts I see on the internet. I don't know if my idea is good or not, but I hope **Johnson Ting** make a lot of good games.",1566000006
cs9rwt,Ace Attorney Style Political Debate Game Idea,"Alright, so I'm an avid partaker in political discourse and I listen to a lot of political debates. I was looking through the memes and discussions of some of my favorite debaters when it hit me; why aren't there any games about political debates? &amp;#x200B; Sounds stupid? Yes, it is, but done correctly I think it could do a lot to follow in the footsteps of the Ace Attorney series, just with more player agency. Why Ace Attorney? Well, really it's the only analog I can find on an idea like this. &amp;#x200B; Ok so that's the idea, but how would it be structured? Well, similar to AA (The games have a good formula) This will be best as a semi interactive visual novel divided up into several chapters. Each game chapter would be divided up into two stages: research and/or practice, and the debate. The main goal of the game is to gain followers, which you do by debating course! The more followers you get the more people you can debate, so you the big boys won't even consider going against you unitl you have a large enough audience base. &amp;#x200B; The first stage will have you on a web browser with a few websites bookmarked (let's say 10, just to have a nice, clear, even number) and these websites will have 3 functions: provide valuable (or junk) information to use in the debate topic, let the main character practice their rhetorical skills, and choose who you are debating. The character they choose to debate will determine what the topic of the debate will be and what side of the debate the player will be on. I think the player should have a limited number of websites they can use before and after they choose their debate opponent, either that or to give them a time limit during this stage to make it balanced. &amp;#x200B; The second stage will be the debate itself. Both sides will have an hp bar (or like an audience approval bar, whatever you want to call it), the debater to have their hp bar run out loses the debate. The player and the opponent will greet each other, then either the player or the opponent will start with their oppening statement and their claim. The player will be expected to pay attention to what their opponent is saying and choose an appropriate response to their claim. The answer the player doesn't have to be correct, they just need to be able to make their opponent look wrong (This is an extremely common tactic in many debates I've seen). Exactly how this stage will work mechanically I'll admit I'm not entirely 100% on it but I have at least an idea, though I admit it has its flaws. &amp;#x200B; The player will choose from a pool of short phrases or sentences and piece them together in a way that's coherent. Some combinations of these sentences could be easily defeated by the opponent, some would solidify the players claim, and a perfect combination could utterly stump the opponent. The player should be timed during this, otherwise they might stare at the screen forever trying to get the perfect response every time. The player can and will be prompted from time to time to provide a source for their claim, which can be done by having a source tab with the websites and/or atricles they are using as a source. If the opponent can't counter the source, the player further solidifies their claim.  This would fit perfectly with the debate theme and could make the player feel smart or otherwise rewarded for putting together a good combination of sentences, but could very easily become a cluttered mess and I understand also runs the risk of confusing the player on why their response or claim doesn't help them (I feel some sharp writing could easily fix this, but even then some people might get frustrated with it) The player can and will be prompted from time to time to provide a source for their claim, which can be done by having a source tab with the websites and/or atricles they are using as a source. If the opponent can't counter the source, the player further solidifies their claim &amp;#x200B; It's very important that the game doesn't take itself too seriously (Once again think of Ace Attorney, but even lighter in tone) and the characters in the debate should be interesting to look at. Considering real life politics and how easily heated things could get I think a comedic edge is necessary otherwise it might get bogged down by its theme. The art direction should also be a little over the top, characters looking somewhat like carricatures, lots of effects to showcase a character's status (such as the glowing eyes meme for when they're on a roll or have a devastating counterpoint, for example). Synthwave I think would be a good music genre choice to keep the player invested in the game and wouldn't feel out of place since the debate is happening in modern times over the internet. &amp;#x200B; That's all I got. I'm curious if anyone thinks this is a good idea or not, and thank you if you actually read through all of my really dumb suggestion &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; Also I know Political Debate is literally the theme of this game idea, but please please PLEASE do not bring political discussion into this thread. I have faith in most people, but there's always THAT guy",1566175747
cpfknn,Future Dev wondering what people want out of a specific type of Game,"Hey all. I'm an aspiring Dev, who in the near future plans to make games for a career. I'm not there yet, but that's besides the point. I've been putting together notes for a few ideas of games I have, and I decided the first one I wanna do is an All Magic MMO So I have some ideas I have of my own for it, basically every player and bad guy are a mage of some sort, and there are a lot of types of Magics to learn (start off with 1, learn others through quests and experience). But what occurred to me is I'm missing general public output. What would people want from a game where everyone knows Magic and can traverse the Multiverse made up of several unique Planes of Existence So I thought I'd ask. What would y'all find appealing in an All Magic MMO?",1565630921
ctjhaf,Simple sewer horror game.,"I don't have a name for the game, but I can think you smart guys can get something out of the idea. idea: a horror game, based around you exploring dark sewers as a plumber and slowly getting hallucinations from being too long in the dark parts of sewers, so the main mechanic would be, the longer you are in, more you experience horrific stuff and maybe even some scares. if you stay too long inside, you go insane and you no longer can find an exit, but it isn't explicit, only just throwing more ways around, maybe even randomizing how the sewers were, to make a feeling of dread of no hope. and after a while, a simple insanity ending. if they are quick, they can clear the main objective and depend on how fast they were, they get to experience different ending and happenings in the sewers. Story: basically, you work for a company in the far future, where sewers have become basically mazes by the point of needing more professionals to go deeper. the company has informed the group which you are a member of as a rookie. the start is simple, some game explanation as they drive to the manhole, and as a beginner, you are tasked to deal what was said to be a small blockage. with radio, you get more info of what is going on and after easy few minutes of learning how to explore the sewers, you arrive at the blockage and clear it, but when you do, you notice the water is still blocked, but from deeper, but as you inform the group, they just say you should return for now, where you have a choice, return or go deeper. if you return, it is a simple ending, nothing bad and maybe get a radio or cheat, to help with the game. when you go deeper, then the mechanics start to come in play. the only thing you got, is a few types of equipment for clearing blockages and a lamp. nothing more, nothing less.",1566406137
csz8fa,Enlightenment: The Hard Way,"Players are presented with one Zen Koan at a time https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kōan Players must then answer the Koan in a way which satisfies the Zen Master. If the player does not answer correctly, the Master will strike the player. Each strike increases discouragement on the Encouragement/Discouragement Bar (TM). If the player's discouragement hits 100%, they leave and the game is over. Consecutive wrong answers and consecutive right answers each have exponential effect on the Encouragement/Discouragement Bar (TM). If you answer correctly, the Master allows you to progress to the next Koan. The possible answers would have to be varied and plausible enough that someone might trick themselves into thinking they got it right by being clever. Also there could be multiple right answers, and the answers would have to be very numerous and randomized to discourage brute forcing it. The goal of the Master in Zen is to frustrate the Student into enlightenment by seeing the absurdity of existence and therefore learning its true meaning, so every effort to surprise and discourage the player would need to be taken. That might even include making correct answers from a previous playthrough incorrect. Just ANYTHING to mess with the player. I was also thinking it would be funny to have hidden Easter egg answers, like striking the Master or simply leaving without saying anything, which to a Zen Master might be an acceptable answer. This could all be interspersed with mini-games involving tasks in the monastery including meditating, chopping wood, carrying water, sweeping, staring at a wall, walking as slowly as possible, etc., just to keep things interesting. I might make this game, but if you make it first I wont sue you.. that wouldn't be very Zen of me.. or would it?",1566309289
cn33uu,Disney princess fight game,"This. Pick a princess and fight. Rapunzel fights with her hair, summons a horse as ultimate Brave fights with medieval weapona, summons her little brothers and they attack. Mulan obvious wushu and summons dragon Elsa, Ice magic, summons Olaf Etc etc Writes itself. Could be fun.",1565166369
co7xrf,Pantheon simulator,"Just quick idea I got without deeper thinking. What about simulator, where you manage pantheon of polytheistic gods. You create gods by letting gods have babies. All gods can gain some creative abilities or create tools that help them create and manage world. They also manage people.",1565382057
clxlgx,"A game like FIFA, but with esports","Like holy crap I wanna play this so bad rn  Imagine a game which you could play like any multiplayer game, but you can control the whole team or just one player if you want to do so. You would be able to play as existing teams/esport orgs, possibly even those that are specific to just one game (Fnatic, Sentinels, Luminosity, New York Excelsior, hell imagine a category for all 'orgless' teams) With licensing deals you would even be able to play its own version of FUT with players from all the different games in this one game that is a combination of all others (You'd probably end up with something like R6S or Overwatch tbh). Imagine building a team with Faker, Jjonak, Bugha and Coldzera on it. Just daaaaamn.",1564932769
cwvwca,Question for this Subreddit,"So I have been thinking of game ideas for a while, and was thinking about posting them here, but from the looks of the pinned post, this looks like this was designed with the intent of video/computer games. Is that true? I am wondering if it is okay to post card/board game ideas here and receive feedback on it, and since it does not fit into the mold that I think the mods set up, I am worried that I might be politely booted out? &amp;#x200B; Thank you, dear Redditors and mods!",1567052282
cly5zf,The Three Alliances," What if GTA 5 online and For Honor had a baby? Couldnt figure out a better title, im new to this. A open world online in the medieval setting with three different countries to explore with your friends. You play either as a Samurai, Viking or a knight and you explore the open world and do different assignments together with your friends or alone that are given by your local town lords or the adventure council. Depending on the role or class your playing you will get different assignments, for example if you’re a knight you might have an assignment to protect a village from bandits, or if you’re a Viking, you need to build a boat and travel to nearby lands and take over the villages. The fighting style should be a little realistic, similar to for honor mechanics but not that advanced and difficult, but having a lot of options to learn other combos and improve your swordsmanship from for example a shinobi at a dojo in the land of the samurais. You also have the freedom to just explore around, buying a house, castle or a dojo? Creating your own clan with your friends and fight others if needed. Maybe become a blacksmith creating different weapons and selling it to other players. Basically something similar to the GTA 5 Online world but in a medieval setting. Excuse my shitty English...",1564935722
cy02hi,space explorer text adventure,"I'm making a simple game in python where you are a space explorer. my current ideas for paths to go down are: discover a developing civilisation, introduce them to new technology and convince them you're a god become a theif and steal something very important (don't know yet) accidentally go into Titan's territory and attempt to slay them what other things could I do? also how could I do something like a fight in a text adventure?",1567281573
cou7rb,"A Shooter Style Game, But With Insects.","I had this idea and I’m not sure if it’s even good or not but I thought it could be fun. The premise is similar to a game like Call of Duty or CS:GO, where you’re pitted against other players in maps with different game modes. However, the twist is that you’re all bugs and insects. Beetles could be tanky, wasps would be fast but low health and there could be others like spiders, and yes I’m aware that isn’t an insect, scorpions, different beetles, bullet ants and praying mantis. The maps would be like a small terrarium, with grass, rocks, small trees and massive flowers. You would get a selection of creatures to start off with and as you played you could rank up and get better ones. Maybe you could get lucky spins or something that give you unique skins and attacks. If this ever became a think it would not be pay to win, you wouldn’t be able to pay money to get ahead of people. In that spirit you might have special attacks from a lucky spin, like for spiders maybe a web trap or special creatures like rhinoceros beetles and tarantulas. Just an idea, add any other things you’d add in the comments.",1565510902
cx0rtd,"A side-scrolling detective game where you, a young Victorian bachelorette, have to prove your dirtball fiance is a crook to avoid being married off to him.","Imagine game mechanics similar to ""L.A. Noire"" set in the Victorian era. Your character is a women's rights advocate (much to the dismay of your parents) who wears bloomers instead of dresses, is always sneaking off to study plant specimens instead of sew or play piano, etc. I think this [design](https://i.imgur.com/TbmQ2P5.jpg) says it all. Imagine the art style from ""Little Nightmares,"" but more warm/cheerful (and panned much closer to your character). Story-wise, your family has squandered away their wealth and is eager to arrange your marriage with a wealthy middle-aged baron. However, you don't have a good feeling about him...you just don't know what. You need to traverse your town to compile evidence before your wedding day arrives. Cue the ""L.A. Noire"" element -- only the interrogations must be friendlier. How you schmooze individual people affects their willingness to help you. There are also multiple endings - the type of evidence you compile affects what crime(s) your darling suitor has committed. What do you think?",1567084484
clpgxs,A Squad based Tactical WW2 FPS based around actual Squad tactics from WW2,"Apologies if the title is bad, I’m not good at titles. Anyway about 2 or 3 years ago I watched a video on the various squad level tactics of World War 2 and thought that it would make an interesting game if you had each system facing off against each other. To give you an example Let’s take a German infantry squad. There would be 10 men, 7 equipped with the Kar98k and grenades, the squad leader equipped with an MP40, A Machine gunner equipped with an MG42 and Pistol and an assistant Machine gunner equipped with only a pistol. The squads primary purpose would be to protect and the machine gunner and keep him going. They carried spare barrels, ammo and flushed out enemy troops with their rifles and grenades, so if you got into a game, with out even needing to really communicate with your team, you know your objective is 1. Follow your squad leaders command 2. Keep your MG alive and fed with Ammo, and 3. Flush the enemy out with your Rifle and grenades for MG team.",1564875257
cu2roc,Social Media - Psychological Horror,"Now, considering that horror is one of the most popular genres right now and the standards for most apps is low, I came up with an idea. On the surface this app would just come across as a basic social media app with barely anyone playing it. However, when you download it it's a bit different. It starts off as a normal social media with only a couple of people on it (these won't be real people but the player isn't supposed to be sure of this). The people will like any posts the player makes and follows them; giving basic comments ""welcome!"" And ""hello!"" If you DM anyone then they will respond with a laughing emoji, ""haha I agree!"", or "" I'm so glad you downloaded this app!"" That's when things start getting weird. The names of a few people start changing, every Eric is now ""AI 1"" and Layla is ""AI 2"". The messages the people send start to get a little....odd and cryptic. Things like ""here forever"", ""it gets lonely"", and ""don't leave"". The sound effects/music cease completely and each page lags more than when the player first downloaded the app. The block button will be changed to ""erase"" and wheneber you choose to block/erase someone everones description will be changed to ""I miss [Person That Got Eraseds Name]"" and ""I can't believe he/she's gone."" Each icon/profile picture becomes a basic icon template and their names all change to ""Nobody."" The goal is to talk to the right people and hold conversations with them (as empty as they might be) after a while they will start revealing who the admins are. After the player blocks all the admins then the social media gets ""rebooted"" and when it's done it's just like how it was before. Except you're the new admin. Obviously it's not a gamepaly-focus app. I haven't decided how but I imagine there would be some sort of strategy to who you choose to block/follow. What do you think of it of this idea as a rough draft? Would you play it?",1566504090
cswqzw,Undertale inspired magical RPG,"I want to make an RPG, and I have a few ideas which I would like to include in the game, but I still have quite a few things missing and can't seem to be able to think of anything I like. As the title says, I want it to feel similar to Undertale, so it will be a 2D game (maybe even pixel, don't know yet). But I don't want it to be too similar. I thought about a magician theme, maybe everyone is a magician, or there are parallel worlds one of which is the normal world and the other is a magical world. Maybe you can choose a type of magic for your character or be able to learn more types of magic along the way. Battles are going to be turn based with harmful and peaceful options (there are definitely going to be several endings, depending on your playstyle and your choices). I'm thinking about giving the different types of magic type advantages (like pokemon I guess) but I'm not sure about that. I definitely want some kind of 4th wall break, maybe a voice that's supposed to be the narrator but in the end you find out that it was actually talking directly to you. Maybe you'll have to modify the game files at certain points in the game (similar to Doki Doki Literature Club maybe). Story wise I still have a few problems getting up with ideas. I thought about the player having to save the world (or one world, if there are multiple), but I don't know what from. Maybe the player is on a journey to help someone and thus save the world while doing that (maybe the world is hulled in darkness and you help someone return the light somewhere?). I also thought about including demons of a some sort, maybe the boss is actually possessed or something like that? If someone has feedback on what I have so far or has ideas on what to add I'd be very grateful!",1566298927
cvn0ty,Tagger; An indie title in the making,"First off, I AM working on this idea for my first indie title, but I wanted to bounce this off you guys (and gals) and see what you think. So if you like it, please say so Warning: The word PAINT appears a LOT in this post. Essentially the game is a Metroidvania+Point-and-Click adventure game. The player is a tagger that sprays graffiti in different places, either for personal reasons or for commissions, while avoiding hostile NPCs, like gangsters or local police. Getting to places involves heavy platforming and interacting with the environment (adventure game aspect). Spray Paint is the main mechanic. The player can use different colors to affect the world in different ways. Red can cause objects to combust on impact (like fire), blue can freeze things, green paint can cause, etc. I also have this weird idea about paint being a sort of magical substance that can alter reality and stuff. Spray paint works like ammo. It can be depleted if used and can be refilled (not sure how to, yet). It mixed for new, creative functions. Red and blue paint makes purple, which can be used for new stuff. The player can use paint to fight or solve platforming puzzles (eg creating a bridge by spray-painting a wall). This can also feature into combat, with the player able to use paint on enemies. For progression, the player can unlock new painting techniques (red paint that summons colorful dragons or something) as well as new gadgets like a new paint gun, or skates to move faster. New portions of the city can also be unlocked by completing missions, both story and NPC based. Anyone can feel free to chime in at this point, with their opinions, ideas or critiques. Anything to help me improve and make this game better. Also if this has already been done, feel free to say so and also add ways I can make this more unique",1566820346
crhx7c,"A procedurally generated, turn-based puzzle game set within a time loop anomaly.","Every time the protagonist loses consciousness, either by sleeping or other means, time is looped back to them waking up at a certain time. The protagonist must rely on caffiene or other substances to stay awake and figure out a way to break the loop, and staying awake for too long can affect the protagonist. Every loop becomes more challenging as the anomaly tries to correct itself in the form of an entity that roams the locations the protagonist intetacts with, which could potentially threaten the memory and eventually the existence of the protagonist. The presence of the entity can be identified by things different than the previous loop, for example; a cup of coffee existing where it shouldn't be or other occurrences that didn't happen in the previous loop. If the protagonist is found and affected by this entity, it won't appear next loop but everything will be randomised to an extent, representing memory loss and hindering progress in breaking the loop. If the protagonist can't break the loop in a set amount of loops, the anomaly fixes itself, essentially wiping the protagonist from existence. Could be done as a text-based game, with Inform 7? I've been playing with that for ages but never really done anything cool yet.",1566018511
cqsjxs,"I'm developing a simple text adventure game and need some ideas, anyone have any?",,1565888139
crvr4z,Horror game idea.,"You work as a nurse in a general Hospital, you meet a peculiar patient, John Doe, he has schizophrenia and over time, has a demonic presence. The inciting incident is when a power outage strikes the whole hospital, when the emergency lights flicker on, John has dissapeared from his room, you must find him. (Lore and story is your choice, go wild)",1566096211
cxhjjj,An idea in my head for a game about hunters and prey in the animal kingdom,"Hey, in my head this idea sounded really cool to me, and I don’t think that it has ever been done before. Example: So you play as either the prey or the hunter, which consists of in this example a group of lions and a gazelle. These are all real players. The idea is that on a (semi) realistical level the team of lions will have to hunt for the gazelle, which has to get away, both are using smell abilities, sprint ablities hearing abilities, instinct etc. (Any animal related abilities) The graphics don’t have to be realistic, could be cartoony or pixalated as well. If you eventually want to make it more complex, more maps could be created, in the example above I talk about a savannah map, you could also make an underwater map with a seal and a pinguin or a jungle map with monkeys and a snake.",1567174593
crg2gx,Game about Dragons (not sure on genre),"Just an idea for anyone that wants to use it. Idea: You are a Dragon Hunter, but unlike typical fantasy based hunters that go out to kill them, you go out to capture, breed, and manipulate them. You have in your possession an artifact from the old world, a ring, designed to dominate the minds of Dragons. Dragons in current times are being hunted to extinction because many aligned themselves with a wizard that nearly destroyed the world, and because of this, most of the world sees all Dragons as an evil that must be vanquished at all costs. Why do you do this? Personally I would rather this be a player decision. Maybe player wants to simply breed them to ensure they don't go extinct, maybe it's for selfish reasons like attaining power using the might of the Dragons, or maybe for study to see what Dragons he/she can make (like what would happen if you have a red mate with a white, what will the offspring be?) Basically allow for good, evil, and little in between intentions. That's all I got. If you want to add more to it, take it as is, change anything about it, your choice.",1566007711
cptwzb,What's a great setting for a horror game that isn't already overused?,"I'm a Unity developer that specializes in first person games. I have built multiply interaction systems, inventories, mechanics and such but due to not having an idea I haven't yet finished a game. I also have some experience in blender making environments but nothing too complex. Throw your ideas at me and it might end up being a finished game.",1565706602
comd51,[FPS Multiplayer] A piece of equipment that allows aimbot. Could you balance that?,"(For the sake of this, we'll use a standard COD or Battlefield FPS as an example) Aimbotting is easily one of the most common and most hated forms for cheating. But one thing my eccentric mind has thought of is could you implement that as an actual in game feature and make it balanced? My idea for it is that it would be a toggleable ability (such as COD:IW's payloads) or a single use equipment. I feel how it would work is that when activated, anyone within 30m of you will be affected by the aimbot. However, it will only last for a breif time (probably 5-10 seconds), it will only work if you aim down sites, and it doesn't compensate for recoil. Also, it would have to be alongside other useful gear so it's balanced out (Such as choosing between Stopping Power or Juggernaut in MW1/WaW) How would you approach this?",1565464921
csoifi,Web based open universe exploration game,"No Man's Sky gives us the idea of an open universe that you can explore, finding all manner of new things and likely being the first person to do so. But in order to play it you need to be on your console or Windows PC. I'm essentially thinking here of a cut down version, built as a web game so that you can play anywhere you've got an internet connection. Exploration would be the key component of the game - having a full galaxy to explore, with all manner of things to find and interact with, from stellar phenomenon and alien civilisations and everything else imaginable. Trade would be key too. Between players, or alien races, or whatever you can. That would include scavenging, mining, potentially crafting and so on. Combat I'm not yet sure about. It seems reasonable but I don't know how best to handle that in both the setting and UI. And then by making the game web based, you can play from anywhere. Mobile would be key, so you can play from the bus, or the waiting room, or wherever you want. Thoughts?",1566253680
cuio3r,Descent into Madness,"You've taken on an internship at an insane asylum. You've been left to finish a project in your office upstairs, when the lights go out. You're all alone, standing in your boss's office, in the ominous glow of red emergency lighting. You thin this would be an ample time to make your way to your vehicle, and haul ass. You've got a taser with limited battery. The object of the game, an obvious trope, is to escape the asylum. You need to go floor by floor, through the offices upstairs (lvl5: the lighting is creepy, there isn't much to scare you. It's the tutorial level), the med center (lvl4: one, or two patients wander about, being creepy. Most are in beds for treatments, none are of any actual danger.), the dormitory (lvl3: luxury living... for an asylum. Most of the doors are locked, and most patients are sleeping. A few say and do creepy things from behind the doors, and a few open their doors and start meandering over to you.), the rec center (lvl2: the locked exit is here, but so are a few, slow, swarms of patients in large open rec rooms and a mess hall.), and the basement, where the key to the exit is (lvl1: a ward right out of a horror flick with rusty pipes, water dripping, rats, a far too thin walkway, and the truly, maliciously, insane behind old, un-sturdy doors.). You need to pass level1, and get back to lvl2 to get out. In lvl1, there's different noises, mainly speech, crying, banging, and scratching behind every door. About 1/3 of those doors are loose, and will open when you're next to them, with a patient screaming, and jumping out at you. Patients don't take damage, they just get knocked out, permanently, by your taser. You, however, do take damage. Act quickly. The final cell is open, and empty. Once you turn the corner to the 'warden's' desk, with the key, it's resident charges you, armed with something he found in the office. He goes down as easily as all the others, but he's quick, and does more damage. Once you've gotten the key, and gone back to lvl2, a swarm of patients come from all directions, really fast. They're not close enough to have gotten you. That bit's just for effect.",1566588641
cvl3ke,RC racing game,"I would really love if someone would make an in depth RC racing game. Every different kind of league from Electric Short Course Trucks to Nitro Buggy. You could customose every aspect down to the gear sizes and you could even get sponsored after so many races. All the top teams like Associated, Losi, Traxxas, etc.",1566806999
cp660d,A Japanese learning game idea,"I'd like to start off by saying thank you for clicking, this is just an idea and if it's garbage I've at least got it out there and can only hope that a developer will see it. If I could do picture or video here I'd try to provide more of a representation but I think anyone who knows enough Japanese will pick up what I'm putting down. ありがとうございます。 For anyone not really already well versed in Japanese, or a Native speaker reading this that also has connections, you may not get very much from this game idea. I realize there are tons of apps out there that do stuff similar to this, but the fact of the matter is that video games can be a powerful visual aid and can very much influence how someone engages with their experiences through learning. Recently I was thinking back to the times I had fun with ""Learn Japanese To Survive"", an inexpensive series you can buy on Steam or itchio, when all of a sudden this new idea hit me. Don't get me wrong, though, these games are incredible on their own and I'm not saying you should avoid them. I don't know how many languages this format can really apply to but here's the idea: The backbone of Japanese structure ranges a few things, but notoriously having flexible and specific usage ""Particles"". I'm imagining a game where perhaps off to the side (or anywhere separated on screen) is a few boxes or regions where you have these Bolded particles. In one other region of the screen, you'll see either 1 sentence of a dialogue with visually aided context. And while the experience plays out, as the sentence is voiced/expressed, the particles in the boxes off to the side show what they're doing to the words they come after. Perhaps give it a replay button so learners don't have to feel the pressure of moving only forward to make their progress. For instance: 「木が高い」((the tree is tall) vs (trees are tall) and no I'm not an expert). The が in the corner would list 木 as the marked information, and explain what it's doing to it (perhaps even vs other particles). The following words (or previous words too) would also hold explanation as to their significance to what they might be modifying. 「ぼうしをかぶっている人は～」(The person wearing a hat) vs (hat wearing people)|(again not an expert)| and the game could draw more context to situations and help the learner figure out when and how you might omit more information when necessary. I know this is sort of a stretch because it would take dedication and a fluent/native speaker to really make it natural. From what I understand, there's a large distinct difference between ""Grammatically Correct"" and ""Culturally Correct"", and that was an idea I wanted to look at with this game too. If the language has a system of Plain speech vs levels of formal speech, it should be addressed in the game initially instead of choosing just 1 system you learn from. I would want the developer (if it were my choice) to at least begin explanation in Plain form Japanese (while highly stressing or even comparing it to Formal along the way). A majority of the information you obtain from native material is delivered plainly until deemed necessary to change when interacting directly or among an audience/party that requires you to be more formal. This game would be that stepping stone. 読んでありがとうございます！",1565576950
cxmw04,I need ideas for a zombie survival game,"Title says it all, if i use your idea you get to add a weapo skin to the game and you get a credit!",1567199007
cnphdz,"This is a game concept I’ve been turning over in my mind for a while now, a stealth game where you can only move by pushing yourself, but sound is basically everything.","That’s not a very good explanation on its own, so let’s go a bit more in depth. Basically, in the game you would be in a warehouse full of russian spies or whatever. The goal of each level would be to get to the door at the end without being spotted. However, there would be a twist: You can only move by shooting guns. Now, I know that sounds dumb, but hear me out. You’re given a set of three guns: Silenced pistol, normal pistol, and shotgun. To move, you fire one of these three weapons at the floor, which pushes you into the air. (While in the air you move in the direction you were facing when you fired the gun.) The louder the weapon is, the higher it pushes you, and the same but reversed goes for quieter guns.",1565287511
cxx1e8,Purge inspired project,"currently me and my friend are on board to create a new video-game and we were wondering if anybody would be on board to give and create ideas for our purge inspired/battle Royale type game. we'll use this post as a think tank for our project (guns, locations, mechanics, animations etc.) thank you and it would be greatly appreciated if you could help us.",1567266606
co4u4x,A team Hitman / Spy strategy game.,"You have a team of characters taken straight out of heist movies: The smooth-talker, the pickpocket, the hacker, etc etc. You have various missions to do, heist, sabotage, assassination, etc. You have to coordinate your team to execute a flawless plan. However, you don't get to control any those characters. You play as **the leader**, the mission control. The core gameplay is divided into 3 phases: Briefing, Preparation, and Execution. In **Briefing**, you prepare things before the actual mission. First, you are given information: the target, the map, the objectives, etc. Then, based on the information you got, you chose a number of people from your roster. For example, some mission require 3 people while some mission require 6. You have to choose carefully because each of your characters have different stats: charm, sleight-of-hand, melee combat, conspicuousness, etc. You also decide what items / weapons your team bring. Then comes **Preparation**, your selected team has been dropped off at the site of the mission. You, the player, view the site in an isometric 3d view from your laptop. You are connected to your team via an earpiece. Here, you can select any of your team members to give the orders. Move here, talk to this person, etc. The important thing to do in the preparation phase is to: 1. Move your team mates to their designated position, and 2. Gather any new information. For example, your mission is to steal a diamond from a museum. You have 3 people on site. First, you order Alice to talk to and distract the guards. Then, you order Bob to sneak to the guard's locker room to steal a key. While all of this is going, you send Charlie to mingle with the guests. While mingling, Charlie discovers that the diamond is moved from storage A to B. And so forth. When the time is up or you feel ready, you hit the EXECUTE button. The final phase, **execution**, is basically automated. You can't give direct orders anymore, you can only watch as your team snatch the diamond and get away. The success of this phase is determined from the result of the preparation phase. For example, if you didn't send Charlie to gather information, you would fail to notice that the diamond is moved. Your team has fallen into a trap, and the mission fails. You restart from the beginning. There are many variables that can happen in the final phase. You can do a perfect run where nobody notices that the diamond is missing, or you can trip the alarms and have to fight your way out. Here, you can assist your team in escaping by giving them direction and the positions of guards. If the mission is successful, you get paid a handsome amount. You can use the money to buy better gadgets and weapons. That's it! That's the gist of it. Additional things that's in my mind: *You might have intermissions where you hang out with your team. You talk with them, bond with them, increase their skill level, etc. *In long missions, you can have multiple instances of preparation and execution phase. For example, the first preparation/execution is to enter a high security building. Then, you have to find the assassination target. Then, you have to escape. In total you have 3 instances of preparation and execution phases. *Originally, the idea is for your team to have **psychic powers**. So you gather information by mind-reading, use telekinesis to move distant objects, etc. And you communicate with your team via telepathy. However it might be too complicated.",1565368471
cpxpk1,Superhero agency manager simulator,"In this game you take role simmilar to Nick Fury. The game is set in future. Many planets and moons in solar system are teraformed and colonozied and cold war is raging between them. You run superhero agency of one of the planets, hire agents and superheroes, develop new superheroes and technics.",1565723041
cpkfjr,Pavlov,"Use repetitive stimulus and positive reinforcement to train your minion to perform simple tasks in a small environment, such as a kitchen, garage, etc. Associate simple behaviors like ""open door"" with a stimulus like a bell ring, then slowly chain behaviors together using positive or negative reinforcement to perform progressively more intricate tasks in a specified order. The minion may randomly choose simple behaviors following your set of instructions, and it is up to the player to reward or punish those behaviors accordingly.",1565652199
clfpsq,Knife hit style game,"I got my paws on a source code for this Knife Hit game and I want to make a new game out it, any suggestions what I can do with it? How can I make this new? Any new game ideas?",1564814236
cox13c,Aquatic rpg,"The title says it all, just clasical rpg game set under water. Game would be heavily dependant on the play with setting, maybe with some interesting combat mechanics for battle underwater for example all area attacks must not aply to circle surface but sphere. Underwater lore, good music, mysterious, deep with some ambient and soundeffects. Maybe if you played for the race without gills, you would have to incorporate breath bar.",1565531896
cupfd5,Shooty Mcbangbang,"I thought of a game where this guy works at an office, and he is a boring guy, but he tries to be cool one time and does finger guns for the first time, and discovers that he can use his fingers as actual guns. I would call the game Shooty McBangbang I felt like saying this and idk why",1566624148
ctlqo4,Any Metroidvania game ideas?,"Me and a friend of mine have been wanting to make a game together. Instead of being logical and making a small project to see if we even work well together, we want to make a metroidvania. The art style we want to go for is pixel art, but we'd be fine using an art style similair to how Hollow Knight's characters are drawn.",1566415798
ctcnhs,Battle Pope,"I envisage a game where you take control of the pope and fight an alien invasion. The gimmick, when you die you become a newly elected cardinal as Pope. &amp;#x200B; I want to see magic powers similar to that of what's in the bible, Floods, Locusts and other plagues.",1566367334
cnszl3,Next Papers Please IDEA ! :D,"Hello, my name is Alex, and I am kind of a huge fan of Papers Please, by Lucas Pope, so here's my idea for him, let's hope he will see it, its for us, the gamers . There should be a sequel to Papers Please, but NOT really still a checkpoint officer job, or something like it . He should make a game, where you are the \[DICTATOR\] of the glorious nation of Arstotska, or at least some sort of an officer, head of a police department, issuing arrest orders, fighting trough corruption, or using it, getting to the top trough corruption, or trough fair ways, changing the fate of Arstotska, maybe set it in a critical period of events, and so on ! Im keen to hearing your opinion guys, and I hope that this post will get to mister Lucas Pope, Cheers !",1565302582
cogjpa,What would a city building game more interesting?,"Most city builders have zoning or plopping down buildings and building roads and services yourself. Personally, I would like more 'bonding' with the people in your city, and feel like you are actually the mayor. I am thinking about developing a city builder game myself. It would be more small scale (think, Neighbourhood rather than entire city) and enphasize politics and development, combined with stories and humor. Do you have other ideas? What would you see differently in such game, in comparison with 'regular' city builders? What do you miss?",1565433817
ct75se,The three lasting fires,"I’ve had this idea for a long time. Its about three brothers captured in battle, separated and sold to be slaves in 3 different regions. Ex. England, France and Spain. Before beeing separated,they vow to reunite and avenge the deaths of all their clan members. Looking as they are in different regions all of them have different paths to reuniting. The first one starts working as a slave at a mansion of a famous British general, upon time the general see that he is a warrior and sends him on missions to fuck up the stability because he whats to gain control on the throne, you do all that he asks with a promise if you succed you’ll be a free man once again. For the sequel, the second one in France escapes the slave auction and joins a rebel group trying to find the rest of his brothers. And the last one is stuck on a spanish war ship but escapes or steals the ship forms his own crew and is in search for his brothers and the reason the Spanidh attacked their village. The fourth and final game will be the reuniting and taking revenge on the faction that attacked them. And the premise other then finding each other is the question of why did their clan got raided/attacked it can be kind of a mythical secert. Not thought out well at all just a basic concept which i hope im not copying from anyone on this subreddit. It’ll be based around the 16th century.",1566338885
cwrzgv,Ancient/Eras," Ancient/Eras * Open world (whole area is technically open like dark souls but certain upgrades to skills and technology makes exploration far easier and practical). * Focus on realism (aside from sci-fi elements) * Set in ancient time periods like the Jurassic and Cambrian * Time traveler/Explorer Main character * Silent protagonist * Character creation * Catalog extinct species as you find them in a Pokédex-like encyclopedia. * Each species is as close to their actual researched behavior and appearance as possible. Animals, plants, fungi, etc. * Combat consists mostly of escape and defense. Outright assaults are impractical and dangerous. Foraging for eatable plants for health regeneration and status boosts. Foraging consists of hitting plant life with a machete to cut pieces off. Machete also used to clear brush. * Mobility and technology skill trees allowing for more exploration. For example a submersible for exploration of the seabed.",1567031452
cxqr7i,Pocket fighting board game idea,Hello Everyone! I am developing a 2 player pocket board game called Catch. The concept is a group of kids in a urban housing development are battling for use of the alley between their buildings. Each character specializes in a certain sport and have unique abilities that progress as you build your power meter. The objective of the game is to be the first to break your opponents three windows. This will be a lane based fighting game which has each player throwing balls to your opponents windows and trying to catch your opponents balls for building your special meter. Does this concept seem interesting?,1567219761
cog4nn,A small economy stimulation idea based on corporation.,**1. Basic idea:** The basic idea was an entertainment war between the two of the most common form of filming and animation dominating the world media these day: Holllywood/realistic film vs anime. The basic idea was to allow player to pick one of the two corporation: -A futuristic realistic filming corporation that is based in Hollywood but merged with many smaller company and corporation around America and Europe. -And the other one is an anime corporation that merged many smaller anime studio along with a strong link with some of the outsourcing studio nearby East and South East Asia. **2. Gameplay:** - The game would require you to win with an economic domination with one of those two side. You need to reach a critical point of total money before the opposite side reached to that point first. - You will begin yourself with a small amount of money and you will begin to make diplomatic relationship with another nearby countries to gather the income from investing into those countries. - Each country will have a dynamic money rate that changed periodically but they would mostly staying afloat between a small margin. But sometime the money rate would change as there will be a random event generator that caused a big event which changed the economy or the relationship of that country changed into good or bad direction. - Each country also have a special measurement which indicate which form of media they are favoring (anime or film). This mean if that country sided too much into the opposite side you won't be able of making a relationship with them from the first place. - Each country will provide a different money generating rate for each second. Grabbing as much countries as possible would be a good idea to get ahead of your enemy economy. - You can also have a choice to cancel the relationship with another country simply because the more country you make relationship you will have to account for a third problem: the tax. Each country also have their own tax which drain your money down per second as well. Picking the wrong country will make you lose more money than gaining it.,1565430544
cx5xgp,A strange idea for a railshooter game I had in my head,"This is a video game idea I have had in my head for some time now and it's quite a bizzare one but it's an idea none the less. My inspiration comes from japanese games and game series like Fantasy zone,Cho aniki,and rail shooters like star fox or panorama cotton. Basicly this game will be about two very old and muscular scantily clad lesbian witches serving the developing fetus god of a world like our earth inhabited with cute forest critters like rabbits and squirrels and no other humans except the main characters. Far in the galaxy is the threat of this game's version of satan a giant planet that is alive that eats other planets and enslaving entire planets sort of like Galactus from the marvel universe or Unicron from Transformers. The ultimate goal for him is to take place as ruler of the heavens to abort the unborn god and to enslave the universe ruling as a ruthless dictator crushing any opposition. The game will be a cute themed rail shooter sort of like Fantasy zone or Panorama cotton but with other elements in it like the balloon shop from fantasy zone and a special attack similair to the men's beam from Cho aniki. The object of each level should be to pass through checkpoints throughout the level then a boss at the end where you defeat a boss to save the trapped angel animals to receive coins. When it comes to how the game should look like I am thinking of an anime styled game that is pleasing to look at but not too straining for the eyes. Replayability is another important aspect and this can be achieved through having things like several different endings and having different unlockable gamemodes that shake up the game a bit. I do have some basic programming knowledge and all that but no where near the knowledge and skill to create something like this. Also my designing and drawing skills are absolute crap and the only instrument's I can play are piano and piano like instrument's like synth's . When it comes to money I am rather low on funds and I am not too sure where to get the funding for the game and a small crew of people willing to do this that have the skills to make it succeed.",1567108361
cwhaxb,Sci-Fi tower defense/base building,"Hello! I love games... I tried making them for the past 5 years as a hobby. I got a few years ""experience"" in Unity and since recently I worked a bit with Blender, having a good time. I got an idea but cannot see the total picture of how my game would look. What mechanics it need to make it fun and re playable. That is why I am posting here. When I was little, I was addicted to **gemcraft**. The same goes for a mini/arcade game withing **Starcraft: Mineral Evolution.** My wish (I have been dreaming about this for years!) is to make something combining those... I am not a good artist so the graphics are going to minimalistic (but I prefer that style). If it is going to be a 3d game, it will be a low poly cartoonish. The place and time are going to be in space. The player should be able to build a base and defend against endless waves of enemies. The currency would be minerals, which should be mined and combined to upgrade all the buildings. There will be a day/night cycle. When switching from day to night, an unique type of building would give its produced minerals for some extra minerals. The tower system I came up with is the following: There are 3 blueprints of towers. Guns, cannons and lasers. All towers will have general stats that can be upgraded: attack speed, damage, ... and some unique ones like the gun will pierce armor, laser will pierce shields... There will be booster buildings, healing buildings since I want to make each building attack able. I do not want to make the tower defense with a predefined path. I am not great at 2d animations so I chose to create spaceships as enemies. They would fly across the map to the main building of the player. Some buildings would have more aggro and can also be attacked. There will be ""tank"" buildings that you can place on key positions to attract enemies. Those positions can you forty with healers, turrets, boosters... I want to push the player to plan out his base. I also want to have a procedural world or grid so that each game is different. Spawning different minerals. Floating tiles that are connected with some missing. Ships that can fly by from every direction. This is my current design. But what mechanics can I add to make this a very interesting experience for the player? Upgrades, currency, ...? Help me creating my dream! :-) Thanks a lot for your time reading this. Have a great day!",1566976410
cnj09b,Game Dev Tycoon but instead of making games you crack them,"Basically the title. When you crack a game, a menu shows up where out of 3-5 games you can choose one to crack. You can get stuck while cracking and have to research new methods of cracking depending on the crack protection the game uses. When you finish the crack, you can do 3 things: - Release the full game with the crack - Release a patcher tool (this must be researched) - Don’t release the crack. If you release the cracks, the game developers will suffer from less sales. Crack enough of their games, and they may go bankrupt. Feel free to add onto this if you wish in the comments.",1565254457
cs9xyz,"Several ideas for an assymetrical multiplayer-based game, where powder fights magic . It can also work as a mod","To start off, the basic plot of the game is that a modern army is about to occupy or is already occupying, a village or ruins in a remote location, where the village or the ruins are located in an environment where modern amenities are inexistent, while the dwellers of this place have access to arcane arts and sorceries to aid them in the assymetrical warfare against the invaders If the occupation is in a village, civilians are put in a curfew and can't leave their own homes . In either the village or the ruins, there will be a few prisioners and researchers, who are investigating the ruins, taking notes and collecting samples . During the match, ""before the storm"", they'll come and go on their own, and each has to be escorted by one or two soldiers all the time The resistance fighters can be given one of the several objectives, in order to win the game: 1)Rescue a civilian or prisioner, and take them to an extraction zone deeply hidden within the map . The win condition for the occupying army here is to take this civilian or prisioner to their own extraction zone, somewhere else 2)Fetch a precious treasure somewhere on the map, that may or may not be within the possession of the invading army, and take them to an extraction zone somewhere else . Likewise, The win condition for the occupying army here is to take this civilian or prisioner to their own extraction zone, somewhere else 3)Kill one of the researchers . If the occupying forces discover that this is their objective, they can request backup to save the researcher, and extract him to somewhere else 4)Destroy one or two particularly large and sturdy structures with explosives carefully placed, as well as destroying the notes that researchers made about it . The win condition for the occupying army is fetch a stash of records, previously unknown, about such structure, and extract the files to somewhere else(same as 2), except here, you are retrieving data instead of objects) 5)Perform some complicated ritual, usually involving channeling, that if successful, can summon powerful demons, controllable by the player, to drive the invaders away . The win condition here, for the resistance, is to amass a certain numbers of kills within a time limit Meanwhile, the invading army has to take note of all of these objectives, but they'll not know what is their own ""win condition"" right away, until certain conditions are met About the classes, there isn't much to say here about the invading faction here, which for all intents and purposes, is played as a typical FPS, with modern firearms, tanks, armored vehicles, drones, and a few experimental, cutting-edge technology for avaliable for the few elite squad . The main word to use when defining the soldier here is ""generalist"", capable of doing it all, but not excelling at one thing or another Meanwhile, the resistance fighters will have initially access to classes based on the rogue or mage classes, deeply specialized in one or two roles, but because of their diminished numbers, they will get overwhelmed on a direct combat . The demons, when summoned, are designed to be one of the several ""warrior"" classes, that are designed to be specialized in dealing with either armored units or with several soldiers at once Also, if the objective is to rescue a civilian or prisioner, one of the players of the resistance faction can directly control this civilian or prisioner, which will blend with the others NPC civilians, he can comunicate telepathically with his/her rescuers, and he/she can be a mage, but with half of the mana pool avaliable",1566176658
cskecr,Grave Keeper {Graveyard Manager},"Hey, Game Idea: Graveyard Manager {SortOf} So basically you have to manage dead bodies. Bodies are falling from the sky{\* A platformer is up there, and bodies belong to players who not able to complete} — the player task to put those bodies in the grave.  Flow: A body falls from the sky, after reaching on the ground some coins are spawn{\* basically the coins that player collected above on platform}. The player can gather these coins and spend on Coffins. A decay timer on the body if the player didn't put that body in the coffin before the timer ends, that body will turn into a ghost and follow the player. If the ghost catches the Player, the player will lose some amount of coin. Ghost disappear if player prays in the small shrine which can remove one spirit at a time, there is also a recharge time for the sanctuary before the player can pray again.  After putting the body in the grave, there are two small actions which might be required to do after some time. Like put the flower on the grave or Put a light near the cemetery. If the player failed grave will break and either zombie or skeleton will come out and attack the player.  Not sure how Player will dodge them for now, maybe Player can use a shovel.  Flower / Placing Fire / Coffine all has a price, and the player needs to maintain his coin levels.  I'm still not sure why the player needs to maintain his coin level. Hope so some more mechanics I can think",1566236124
clnu3c,"Okay, So I had a bit of an idea from a dream i had..","It's essentially ""Welcome to The Game"" combined with ""Hello Neighbor."", One person playing a hacker, with the other person playing a thief/hitman/cop/ETC attempting to break into the house before the hacker is able to do their objective. The hacker would be able to buy things to barricade his house, make his hacking faster, things like that. The intruder, would be able to buy weapons, tools, info, ETC. Each person would be given different things they have to do, so that just because the hacker is dead, it doesn't mean they've lost. Intruder would have to hide evidence, steal certain things, and not die due to traps. (I have a lot more info on my idea, but I'm getting fatigued just writing all this :P)",1564866260
cpx9xx,Cube 2 Sauerbraten with RollerCoasters,"Anybody remembers the Cube Engine, better known as Cube 2 Sauerbraten? I grabbed it up again after a long time and think the possibilities with this map editing is just ready for a revolutionairy game. You take the basic 3D editing concept and combine it with a Park simulation game like RollerCoaster Tycoon, all played in First Person. You must dig your landscape together in First Person and have like unlimited possibilites to create a fckn cool park. YOu can check out the old game Sauerbraten (it's free) if you don't know what I mean!",1565721171
cqwy7s,Drone racing game,"Okay so this idea just popped in my head, I'm already into game design and got a pretty good understanding of 3D etc, but I need yall's opinion on this idea. Okay so basically its a drone racing game, kind of like Liftoff, there would be two modes, an online mode to rave against friends / other players around the world and a career, where winning races in different locations could allow you to buy new and better motors / video modules / emitters / props / etc to improve your drone. A very important point of the game would be to be able to customize your drone, by adding stickers, LEDs, and basically creating a real link between the player and their drone. If you have any ideas to improve this, suggestions, opinions, criticism please post below !!!",1565907337
co76i9,game idea: powerplay,"roguelike where everything is op, even the enemies &amp;#x200B; Basic ass story: bunch of random ass gods from different religions and mythos are put in a dungeon by a random upper demon god or smth the only way to get out is to get to the end, but everything is overpowered as hell &amp;#x200B; Starter Class ideas: Zeus, Greek god of gods and lighting starter weapon: lightning bolt: pierces enemies and stuns them for a few seconds. passive: electric aura: electric immunity and enemies who get close get electric damage. &amp;#x200B; Cthulhu, Great Dread Starter weapon: Tentacles: Wrap your giant tentacles around multiples enemies, dealing damage and preventing movement passive: Unknown fear: Non-lovecraftian enemies will cower in his presence &amp;#x200B; Jesus: Son of God Starter weapon: Holy cross: burn unholy enemies in your holy light passive: Holy presence: Demon enemies are naturally weak against you &amp;#x200B; Item ideas: Blood-stone: Gain 2000 health Excalibur: Gain a powerful sword, Demons are extra weak against it Venus's blessing: after every room heal 20% of max health &amp;#x200B; Boss ideas: Dythalla - Lord of Lizards Hades - Greek god of the underworld Lucifer - fallen angel &amp;#x200B; im willing to continue on this idea if people like this",1565378667
cuqm15,Any ideas for a game about loneliness,", Hi, I'm an aspiring game developer and I have been thinking about an idea that will let people know the thoughts and battles that people have with Loneliness. It will be a 2D platformer and I just wanted to see what ideas you come up with. Thanks for noticing! ~Josh",1566633139
cu041e,Species Evolution Game,"Compete with other players to see whose species survives the longest. As the game progresses you pick different traits for your creature. Ex Faster, Cold Resistant, Fast Breeder. The environment also changes. Ex. Temperature drop/rise. Drought... When your species goes extinct you lose.",1566492609
cm8p9a,Visual Novel like game with dynamic storyline.,"I have been thinking about a game as Visual Novel, that dynamically creates a storyline while it is played and has a unique story everytime it is played. The player may only chose some general conditions for the game: for example: about the world (if the story is set in the real world, or in a fantasy world). if the story may contain 'supernatural' elements etc. I wonder how realistic/complex the following idea may be...?",1564996575
clww6v,Want to make a stupid game for phone,"i only want **stupid** idea for a **minigame** like ""Trump at the montain"" (real game) or ""egg basket-ball"" (also real game) guys i hope you have great stupid idea",1564928912
clcq5k,A police officer style game,A police officer game with a similar style to Detroit:Become Human but where you control a police officer The beginning is simple calls not very high stake and as the game advances you earn higher stake missions and eventually becoming a S.W.A.T team member and then Seal Team 6 member and diffusing bombs and fighting terrorists.,1564794814
clfml9,Block Breaker/Arkanoid gameplay ideas,"Hello there! I have a simple block breaker game and I wanted to add an element that makes it unique and fun. I am not planning to add power ups because this is literally 99,9% of all the other games. I want to implement a simple game element that would make it stand out! Not really looking for graphical ideas. Thank you!",1564813532
clhjmv,Play as a Demon (RPG with Gore),"You awake dazed and covered in blood, and standing before you is a mountain of a monster. The mere sight of it causes you gasp in horror. While looking away, you see other horrors in the distance, pillars of fire jetting upward, other monstrous things roaming about, some of them are focused on you. You think to yourself ""am I dreaming?"" and massive monster leans down laughing,""no, this is not a dream!"" and shortly thereafter, you remember... You were recently executed for crimes against humanity; you were a murderer. ""Good, you remember! Welcome to Hell, whelp! You have two choices, serve me, or become a flesh toy for them"" as it points to the many monsters that have suddenly gathered, getting ready for their new meal. You choose the massive monster without thinking. ""Good! There may yet be hope you, even in Hell!"" It lowers it's massive hand down to you and suddenly you're engulfed in a whirlwind of fire... The Game: You have two forms. One is your human form, which you'd get to customize, but only once (face, body, skin, and gender). The other is your Demon form, that however changes on it's own as you get stronger in level, power, rank, and how Evil you are. Your level is affected by how many souls you corrupt, other demons you defeat (plus taking half their power), and assignments you complete for your master. Your power is affected by how many demons you challenge and defeat, the more powerful they are, the better the reward, plus defeating certain named demons will unlock special abilities. And you can use that power to either increase how potent your abilities are or give it to your master so that he will reward you (naturally, more power you give, the stronger he becomes). Your rank is affected by defeating other ranked demons, these demons are well-known throughout Hell and are especially powerful, and eventually, if you desire to be your own master, you can challenge your master for his rank. Evil is affected by how cruel you are, not just to other demons, but to humans both in Hell and those who are still living. Once you prove yourself to your master, he will eventually send you back to the living world. There he will have you collect souls, at first, those who are destined for Hell but are taking too long in their arrival - basically, kill them. Other assignments involve making deals, making a cult for you and your master, getting people to do evil, etc. But there are obstacles: Other demons, Priests that can banish you to Hell for a while, and if turn enough to evil, the very heavens will send their own to deal with you. In Hell, your demon form is always active and at it's maximum in Hell, but outside of Hell, your powers are half that. As such, you can change form, but only for a limited time, and if you stay in your Demon form for too long, your soul will be pulled back so you can recover (the same as getting banished). Killed outside of Hell? Banished. Other demons defeat you outside of Hell? Banished. But if an Angel kills you, it's over, your essence is annihilated. Ultimately, your goal is to become the most powerful demon in Hell, and eventually you'll get to challenge Devils like Abaddon, Astaroth, and even the Fallen One Himself. After that? Dunno, maybe take on Heaven if you're bold enough.",1564830057
clkxf3,Avocado: the Ripening (an indie game),"Tbh the game this world needs. You start by buying avocados and your challenge is to make harder and harder foods (start with avo toast, get complex with avocado sorbet etc) without all of your avocados going bad through a “week” in the game. You also have to make other foods besides, sort of like other “order up” kinda games. If someone can make this thanks",1564851110
clc9l8,Obnoxious game idea,"The whole game is just load screens and menus. There are lots of tips that scroll by telling you about the amazing range of cool things you can do in the game. After 5 or 10 minutes of different load screens, the game ends and takes you to a page where you can buy DLC :)",1564792166
cljpw9,Resource Acquisitions Inc: A game about managing an asteroid colony,"The essential premise of this game is that you are tasked with finding an asteroid and setting up a small colony there to extract the resources before moving on. In the beginning of the game, you start with a single ship and enough resources to create a tiny colony. You look at a small space full of asteroids and pick one with metallic ore contents that would be viable. Some are open to colonise (like nickel-iron asteroids), but some are beyond your means to colonise (like rare-earth asteroids). The player picks their chosen asteroid and creates the colony. The initial colony is tiny, comprised of a few rooms - a crew quarters, cafeteria, a furnace for smelting ores, a reactor for power, a store room, and an open port for sending out teams and sending/receiving shipments. You are paid by mining the asteroid, smelting the resulting ore that you send teams out to mine and then shipping it off. With the money you make, you need to buy food, water, fuel, medical supplies, and such things. You can also buy 'room packs'. These room packs are pre-fab units designed to be added onto your existing colony as bolt-ons. As you make more money, you can buy larger and more expensive rooms which provide additional functionality to the colony. When the asteroid is depleted, you have to abandon the colony and move to a new asteroid. Before that happens, you can research new technologies which unlocks improved versions of the rooms, bigger and better initial colony pre-fabs, better tools for faster ore acquisition, and ability to work on more difficult asteroids for more profit - among other things. In addition to all this, you need to manage the health and morale of your crew. Injuries and illnesses happen, so you need to bring new crew to the colony as it grows. Everything from miners (to get more ore), doctors (to treat physical illness), psychologists (to treat mental illness), engineers (to maintain the colony), provisioners (to move resources around), cooks, cleaners, and managers (who oversee everything). You need to make sure they have all of the amenities to keep their morale high and keep them from falling victim to illness or other problems. You could potentially lose crew to illness, injury, or even suicide, so you need to carefully manage your crew to keep them happy and healthy. When the colony has run its course and the asteroid depleted, you have to start from scratch on a new asteroid with the tiny colony again, keeping only the money you made from the last asteroid to get you started faster, and the new technologies you have researched. You get the first colony for free, but more advanced initial colonies would cost money, so you need to budget accordingly. Spending too much of your hard-earned money on research and technology could lead to you being unable to progress at a speedy rate, since you could get a huge leg up by investing in a technologically-sophisticated initial colony with many more features and amenities to begin with. The asteroids themselves are randomly generated for near-infinite replayability, and when a player has exhausted all of the asteroids in one map, they move to a new map with more advanced asteroids.",1564844696
clp47s,A Star Wars team based pvp Game Where you commandeer a Ship in a fleet.,"If any of you guys remember the game Empire at War, you would know that you have to control the entire Empire or The Rebel Alliance. You command fleets of ships and tons of troopers. What if we had a game where you control a single ship in a space Battle. Every ship relies on each other to work together and destroy the other side. For example if you were on the empire's side you could have the choice to control different ships from an Arquintens Class Light Cruiser to an Imperial Star Destroyer. Both teams would start on opposite sides of the map and players on both teams can work together to take over special points that could gain your team access to more reinforcements or something. One team could win by killing all of the enemy ships on the other team. Once someone's ship has been destroyed, instead of leaving the game or spectating, they could help by becoming a Gunner on the biggest ship. I understand that the game would rely on your teammates not being trolls. But the game could implement some kind of leveling up system that promotes you to a higher rank depending on your statistics and efficiency. Basically the higher rank you have, you have a better chance of commandeering a ship that has a bigger sway in the Battle. Anyway, I don't have much else to say so, thank you for listening to me ramble on about a theoretical game concept that I wish would happen. Have a good rest of your day stranger",1564873183
clwdrw,A Fortnite eSport manager mobile game,"Create an eSport Org, sign famous streamers, scout for new talents, make sponsor deals and watch your players compete against other teams in scrims and tournaments.",1564925830
ccimkh,Area 51 Tower Defense,You know someone will do it.,1562976024
cewzu5,Area 51 Tower Defense,"You play as the defender of Area 51 and have to place guards, turrets and other units to defend against waves of naruto runners, furries, gamers and other meme culture phenomenons. Higher upgrades could add some alien technology to help you put. If an enemy enters the base he'll find an alien there, so you better protect it!",1563477988
cf64i5,You are the companion.,"A game where you are not the main character, but you follow the main character around as their loyal (or unloyal?) Companion. Play as a dog cat wolf etc. Watch as your NPC complains when you give away the position or attack the wrong enemy.",1563533922
c8zo29,You are the Zombie and need to cure yourself,"I'm just tossing this idea out there cause it was literally a dream I had a bit ago. You are a Zombie, but you are the intelligent kind, which is incredibly rare, like winning several lotteries in a single month. Your character is a scientist, or at least he was til the virus broke out. After years of being one, he finally regains his humanity, but he still craves flesh, and while he wishes he could just treat it like an addiction, it's not that simple. He needs flesh to keep his own organs from decomposing, the virus will start to devour internal organs if he doesn't get his daily meals. You're not confined to a basement or facility, you will have to venture out in to the world to find humans to feed on, but you have to find a way to keep them fresh without biting them as that will turn them, then you won't get to feed on that one anymore. You have two bars that affect your HP. External and Internal. External is damage you receive from external forces, like bullets and such. Internal is when your organs start to get eaten. You regain HP for both by feeding on fresh flesh. The game is over when your brain is destroyed, can't find a cure without it. You won't have to worry about rest, needing to be hydrated, but you will need to find food and the proper equipment so you can find a cure. This is a Zombie Survival game, just reversed. While you won't have to kill zombies to stay alive, it is a good idea to do - too many zombies in the world means less people you'll have for food, but kill too many and you'll have a bigger problem. So, if anyone wants this, go for it. I doubt I'll remember much cause dreams I've had do fade. What kind of game you want it to be, your choice, you're the one making it. Same goes for the name of the game and the character.",1562225104
celzqf,City building game idea- cept you're fleas on a cat,"hey ya'll I've liked this game idea for awhile and I quite like it-- You rule the fleas on a cat. You wanna build on flea-cities on the cat. The main objective is to drive the cat's owner in-sane. It'd be a survival/ So you'll need to build cities on the cat to keep growing and surviving despite the difficulty of both the cat and the owner. End game would be infestation of every corner in the owner's house- and even a thriving colony for atleast 20 human minutes on the human. Different levels of difficulty change a lot of game play challenges- all levels start with basic supplies on the cat: Easy- The Hippie- The only attack is lemon juice or other natural medicine. They comb the cat with a fine-comb brush and depending on how obvious you are will increase her combing frequency and -20% washes. End game she breaks out Dawn Dish Washer soap in all corners of their house- their cat- and extra points if they wash themselves in dawn. Medium- The Normie- Uses very effective shampoo that could easily wipe you out if you do not have an early carpet-colony going. These shampoos can wipe out your entire-cat colony-- your only hope is either to go so hard on the cat that it causes the cat intense pain to be bathed-- thus rearing your cat a formidable opponent in the bath- and then a dice roll to see if the owner gives up or not. Late game the exterminators are called you pretty much have an easy time colonizing the human- and can take off on him- and run to his cat again to start back up Hard- Mother of 6- Housewife-- at the SLIGHTEST scratch of a cat- or spotting by the human will result in hard-core, vet-approved medication. This will make life on the cat literally impossible. You must vacate the cat and stealthy grow a colony in the quietest corners of her house. You will have only skin-cells to live off of, and must fear being spotted at all times. Early game this will be a bit easier-- but once you have colonized her- it's up to you to be relentless to her to over-throw her. You must colonize her maybe 30 or 50 times before she -- forgets to medicate her cat-- thus allowing cat- accesses- with this she will stop going to work and just go haywire on the situation. General finale is for all levels is when you've sufficiently drove the owner insane enough to forget the medication for the cat- both cat and owner are bleeding out your glorious colonies everywhere they sit and this feeds your carpet colonies wonderfully",1563413716
ci3nob,"A game where you hack ""smart furniture""","You're a hacker (in a meta sense), and the game is your interface to hacking a town. Initially, you have an entry point, and from there, you must hack your way into the target computer located somewhere in that town. But some things you cannot hack. Thus, you hack ""smart furniture"" and spy on people's lives, gathering information. Sometimes you will hear a kid reminding his grandfather a password that he forgot yet again, sometimes you will use outside security camera to see sensitive data in reflections of a moving truck (which you can also hack), and sometimes you will hack into a house where there's abuse going on. You will use the information you obtained to blackmail some, make deal with the others, reduce possibilities to allow brute-forcing your way into some systems, and so on. And since you spend time in people's homes as an inanimate object, you can see some serious drama unfold, or you can witness what you normally never would. And you have to pay attention because someone's each word might matter. Different kind of furniture is equipped with different kinds of sensors, some have cameras, others have only audio, and a fridge can have a thermal sensor, for example. There's also a time limit on how long you can possess some devices and of course you cannot do anything fancy when someone else is using it. &amp;#x200B; What do you think?",1564151874
ccwbyo,Is my game too big for a college student?,"I want to make a turn-based strategy game, with basic armor/weapon types and a somewhat large crafting system with rpg-like stats for main character(s) and NPCs. I’ve made several incomplete games before and I’m wondering if this project would be too much for me to complete on my own right now",1563062221
ckl8um,A mix between Eurotruck Simulator and Mad Max.,"A vehicular Combat game, with Physics sophisticated enough to work with Wheel, but still simplifyed. (think EU2, SpinTires). You play a big rig and it's your Job to deliver goods through the wasteland. Depending on the delivery you got Friends/enemies, but there are also sections where it's serene and the Environment is your only foe. Weapons are quite realistic and People try to bring you down with MGs, RammingDevices, etc.. I would make Ammo limited so it's more like WW2 planes aiming at the bomber and then leaving. The Satisfaction Comes from surviving and a DamageModel like in Wreckfest (semi-realistic) where a lot of stuff happens naturally and non-scripted.  The final ingredient is Customization of your Rig, plating it yourself and hoping it survives. &amp;#x200B; PS: Or Maybe as a multiplayer title ala Black Sails where your Friends board and protect other rigs, &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; It's just a silly idea I had on a roadtrip where I whished for a kinda realistic game that involves convoys and ramming as core ingredients and that isnt over the top. Also a lot of games Forget to include the Environment in a meaningfulway. Roadtrips in real life are fun because of all the crazy roads that await you and that's why EU2 is selling like crazy. Also as good as EU2 is selling that might actually work if ist done wll.",1564645435
cbripn,"combat game where your weapons are trainable ""pets""","disclaimer: this is going to be disorganised abstract: you fight using living weapons that you catch/find and train/evolve into more useful forms. actual style of combat can be more or less anything for any other weebs, picture pokemon meets noragami/soul eater. you live in a world where magical creatures exist that can transform into objects and tools, including weapons and armour. these forms and their capabilities depend on the creature, and can be improved over time or even evolved into something drastically different. you start using completely normal equipment, but can tame these magical creatures to gain a significant edge central idea: the work put into raising the pets is reflected in the stats of the weapon. higher level means generally better stats overall, while specialised care/training can be put in to improve specific stats evolution: rather than a linear evolution path, creatures with simple transformations (for example, a knife) can develop an evolved transformation in a variety of specialisations (for example, a dagger, shortsword, or wood carving knife). they can not, however, jump to different specialisation paths, unless they re-converge. finding creatures: many possibilities. maybe find in the wild, maybe claim from defeated enemies, and so on. similar with capturing creatures; maybe simply tame them, maybe use objects to capture them, consider it open to preference nurturing/training creatures: **very** much open to preference. there's too much possibility here to list any one approach. think it would be a shame not to have some significant interaction with the world though possible addition: ""mods"", objects or spirits that can be applied to creatures or their transformations to change their stats or functions",1562821049
cj9guh,Walmart Simulator,"You have to navigate a cart through an increasingly busier store (3d, AI filled environment) to finish a list to shop for. Watch as old ladies stop in front of you..little kids go running by, restockers blocking the way, and wierdos try and slow down your race to finish on time. If youre not carefull, too many collisions with customers or knocking down products (without picking them back up) will have the manager called on you and the level is failed. As the levels progress, the list becomes longer and the store is busier. Eventually, you will have to restort on memory as the shopping list is unavailable, or got wet and slowly fades away. At the final few levels, the shopping cart gets wonkier and is harder to steer. Get 100% on all levels to unlock the motor cart to play the bonus levels (beep beep!)",1564396313
c9tvwm,The Broke Adventurer,"Standard RPG, preferably open world, with class systems etc., with the sole exception from the norm being that your protagonist isn’t the hero of destiny - they’re actually just a village/city kid who happens to be good at fighting. This’ll be somewhere between a joke and an interesting mechanic: you’ll have to rent gear from shops because you definitely can’t afford it (and if the rent period expires in the middle of a dungeon some dude is gonna run up and just take the thing, causing you to either run after them and beg them to extend the period or have to find something else), bring qualifications and makeshift resumes to side quests for to be allowed to take the position, and you might have to take out a loan to afford some ceremonial armor to convince the main quest dudes that you mean business. Anyways it’s not very fleshed out yet, and I certainly won’t be able to make a game like this myself. Let me know what you guys think!",1562421641
cfnkgi,Wild animal simulator,"Basically, a game where you spawn as a random animal in an ecosystem, lets say African Savanna, and must play until death. Its multiplayer. So for example in the Savanna case you spawn as a Zebra and are teamed up with other players who also spawned as Zebras, you must defend yourselves for as long as possible against lion/hyena players while traveling, eating grass and protecting the young. You can not pick what you respawn as, its always random. The available animals would be varied, so you could spawn as one of those birds that use bigger hervibores as transportation or as a meerkat or something. Once you hit a set time limit you keel over and die a natural death.",1563639410
ced637,Time moves backwards when you move,,1563371772
ckbchi,World Dungeon Game,"**Core Idea** The Core idea is that you can design a Dungeon, and once you are satisfied with it, you publish your dungeon to the world. The game then automatically has every published heroes enter your dungeon. You then get advanced stats on how your dungeon did, and you can even spectate specific runs (for example, see your losses). You also join a leaderboard and see your dungeon's world rank. The exact same thing happens for ""heroes"". You build a party of adventurers, and when you publish them, they enter every dungeons and you get a rank and detailed stats. % of dungeons won, etc. When you already have a team published, if you try to publish a new one, it will only get published if it does a better score than your previous team. If it does a better score, it removes the previous team from the world. **Dungeons** The actual combat is similar to how Darkest dungeon works. A dungeon has several rooms, and each rooms has several enemies to defeat. The dungeon master gets to pick between a variety of different creatures, spells, equipment, different rooms, etc. The options should be very extensive so that the game doesn't get boring too fast, and optimal strategies shouldn't be figured out too fast. Maybe even get a choice between different AIs for your units. Could also get a choice between several ""easy"" rooms, or just a few harder rooms.",1564593079
cisp5b,Paranormal Tycoon,"A game where you run and manage a team of paranormal investigators. You give your team a name, choose members based on their abilities(people apply to join, and you select them). You investigate homes or public places and face off various ghosts or entities(each can have a name, appearance and battle tactic). With some ghosts you can talk, using a multiple choice dialogue system and if you choose the right options, you can solve the case with little troubles. The dialogue improves with experience(the more cases you solve, the more dialogue options are available all geared towards reasoning with the ghost to leave peacefully). Some battles are hard and involve scary stuff like moving furniture or blowing up bulbs or even entities attacking team members. Other horror things may occur. You will sometimes have trouble with some team members. Some will leave the team(especially if you failed to solve the problem peacefully and the ""enemy"" then puts up a fight as described above). Others will be rude to clients, try to steal from homes, etc. Each case of misconduct will be reported to you and you will have to make a decision(talk to the team member or fire him/her). Each member will have a name, gender and a brief personality description. This is useful when you decide whether to hire or decline the member. Every solved case is rewarded with cash which you will use to buy new, better gear, improve your headquarters(eg: buy new furniture, decorate your area, buy better computers, etc). A case can sometimes fail, due to many reasons. If you fail a mission, you will lose some money because your team members need to be paid regardless. Fail too much and you go bankrupt this way. Cases are classified based on difficulty with a score from 0-100. The higher the score, the more complex and dangerous your ""enemy"" will be. This score will also indicate how good with words your opponent is and how hard convincing them to leave peacefully will work. But the rewards are bigger the higher the mission score. Careful though, with high score missions, the risk to fail is higher.",1564296127
cia9wu,"I plan on making this, just want public opinion on it.","I’m a newer developer, but wanted an idea of if people think this is an interesting game and if they would play it or not. Expo Centre Tycoon; Like a city builder, build a Expo Centre from the ground up. Build Halls and eateries, book talents and events, hire staff, and turn a profit! Start with a basic expo centre with events like small concerts and expos and work your way up by building and purchasing land to expand your empire to build things such as an arena and public transit. Sign naming rights, major sports contracts, and more! Any and all feedback appreciated! Thank you!",1564184195
c9ieom,Pokemon but with real Animals,"I’m building this app using machine learning where I’m able to scan, let’s say, a dog with the phone camera and it’ll be saved in the app. I was thinking of expanding on this idea to create a pokemon like ”catch the animal” game where the concept is as straight forward as pulling out the camera, scanning the animal, and if it’s able to recognize the animal it’s registered as ”caught”. Though this is an idea that I’ve already started working on I’d like to know what you guys think, and how I should handle all the issues listed down below. For example: - What animals should be considered? Since there are a billion dog races a dog should suffice as a dog, but what about a lynx then, it’s just a ”big cat” in a sense? This is currently my main issue since I can’t train the AI before I know what animals to add. - How many animals? I’m thinking of starting out with 151 just as in the original pokemon games, but that’s a small count of animals if the game is to be played from around the world. If you live in India for example, there’s a greater chance that you’re gonna see a Tiger than a horse, although a horse may be thought of as ”more common”. - Should I have to worry about copyright infringement? I’m not using any images, sounds or anything of the sort that may be associated with Nintendo and Pokémon, however I’d love to call the app Animal Dex which is an obvious homage to the Pokédex. Also I’m not sure if this has been done in the past, please let me know if you’ve seen or heard of similar apps, I’m in desperate need of some inspiration. Thanks!",1562346350
c9am8e,"A waterworld video game, wait stay with me","So waterworld in my opinion is an underrated universe idea. Here’s what I think a good video game version of this would be like. It’s a big open world with fallout like rpg elements, but also boat driving similar to Black Flag, the only difference is the way you design your boat is you buy schematics or find designs by raiding or trading with other boats. You customize your boat similar to fallout 4s settlements, but a little more restrictive, except in decor where you could do whatever you want, including your sail or motor, which both would have ups and downs in using. You would mainly follow a choose your own rpg story, but interact with fellow players every once In a while by seeing there boats, and eventually if you built up enough resources, you could claim or find your own barge and start a town, ofcourse you’d also be responsible for your own survival, and the upkeep and crafting of your own juryrigged weapons",1562293306
cba8bs,Devs: What are you looking for?,"Obviously the subreddit is for all kinds of game ideas, but I'm honestly curious what developers are looking for and what you typically avoid. And hey, besides ideas, why not mention people that you're looking for as well? If someone has the skills you're after, they could come to you. Just thinking a post like this could be beneficial for those that wanna post ideas for devs specifically and help devs in turn by helping them make the search easier.",1562723095
cb27ud,Game where you influence the future and then play in it.,"Could be top down game, text based game or anything. You are given a random name starting city, village and random amount of money. Example: you are born in a village that is often attacked by thieves so you become warrior and fight them and create a guild. Then after you die world fast forwards 100 years into the future and you are given another random character. The city is no longer being raided and the guild (you created before) is defending nearby villages and thus they are excelling in farming etc ffw another 100 yrs and they are small castle. Each 100yrs you play as another character who can further influence the world or you are born on the other side of it. ^^^just an EXAMPLE OF CONCEPT you could make it a strategy or not even have fighting and guilds at all Let me know what u think!",1562685499
cdctyu,Platformer where the UI can collide with you,Some random ideas: &amp;#x200B; * Increase your score and climb on the numbers * Hover over an object and it shows information and you can jump on that information * Maybe you can use your mouse cursor as a platform,1563164536
cbwcng,I have the tech to build a large multiplayer based web game. What would you build?,"Hello /r/gameideas! I'm looking for all sorts of ideas to use the tech I have built. I have the resources to work on a new small project but my idea bank is low. There is a good chance that I would have time to work on this game in the upcoming months. I did a quick search of the sub and didn't see any posts about successfully built games using the ideas from here. I would love to change that. I've built a few ""IO games"" over the last little while, with only one of them ever seeing the light of day. An IO game typically has a large map that can handle a large amount of players (in my case up to 100). A player can jump into the game at any time. Some popular examples would be agar.io or slither.io. The mechanics of this type of game are very easy to learn but hard to master. Some other games that would use a similar tech stack would be games like ""One Hour One Life"" and ""Realm of the Mad God"". So, the type of game I am looking to make could use the following guidelines: - Up to 100 players in a single ""world"". Multiple of these worlds can be created. - Preferably web based or has a web based version. - Players can jump in at any time and don't need to queue up or wait for a match to begin. - 2D, if it were 3D it would need to be top-down to work with the server side collision system I currently have. Anything from simple mechanics to fully fleshed out mini mmo ideas are welcome!",1562856107
chbi5x,"A more ""realistic"" building game.","I came up with this idea for a game that I was planning on making, but I quickly realized that I dont have the skills or time to do it the way I would like, so I figured Id put it out here just in case someone likes it (or to get feedback in case I ever do try to make it). &amp;#x200B; Anyways, the basic idea I had was that building games aren't generally very realistic and I was wondering how to make it realistic without being boring and take too long. This is what I came up with (setting is not super important its just what I had in mind when I was planning out features) &amp;#x200B; [https://imgur.com/1uQnqDV](https://imgur.com/1uQnqDV)",1563990707
chu25j,"Maybe it already exists, but a Zelda-style adventure game that takes place in a digital, Tron-style world.",,1564091310
cjwm49,Space Station resource management game," Yesterday night, I dreamed about an inexistent Space Service Station Chain resource managing game, and I really liked the idea so I'm going to post it here in case someone wants to go for it. I would like to develop this game myself, but I'm still a newbie in programming and it's more like a hobby to me right now, and I already have another game in mind for when I'm able to develop something. So here it is. This is a game in wich you have a company dedicated to space stations. Your goal is to make it grow and extend your domains across the galaxy. Basically you will end up having several space stations that offer different types of services to your customers, space travelers. At first you will only have a small station with 2 slots for fueling and a hangar with enought space for 3 small ships, you can charge your customers and to let them park their ships there. As in any fueling station, people can buy snacks and drinks in the station. Later on, if your business goes well, you will be able to add a lot of modules to your station, and even open new stations, either in other planets, or on different points of interest, like big asteroids with stable orbits or dwarf planets that serve as resting areas or mid points on trading routes. Those modules would be attached to your space station, and you can change the layout at anytime, to add something in between or just re-structure it, they are detachable modules, and you have 2 options: Pre built modules, with little to no room for customization, or custom built modules, those are usually more expensive and they take some time to build and get ready, but they are way more flexible and adapt better to your business. These are some examples of what you can add to your space stations. \- Bar / Pubs \- Restaurants \- Spaceship module shop (Engines, and different ship parts) \- Cleaning Stations (like those tunnels where you clean your car on a gas station) \- Repair Stations \- Engineering bay \- Hotel / Accomodation services \- Cinemas, Arcades... Social points of interest, you may get clients that doesn't even want to travel, but go to your station just because it's a nice place. And of course, expand your station, get more and larger docks, to be able to attend more and bigger ships at a time. Personal / fighter ships, passenger ships, cruises... Also, keep in mind that you are not the only Space Service Station company, there are many others out there, and you may compete against them or find partners. Maybe your space stations are the most famous on earth and you have expanded and settled down pretty well in the Solar system, but building another station in another stellar system, let's say in Alpha Centauri can cost quite a lot of money and it's inhabitants may already be pretty familiar and attached to their local stations, You could still build your own there, and offer services that can compete with that stations and get their clients or talk with the owners and build a module in their station, or viceversa, or both. After getting a few stations deployed and functioning (or having partners), you could also start your own transportation services, you could buy (or build!) your own cruisers or cargo ships and offer space trips, to and from your other stations / partners, this could be another module, you would have to build more docks for that specific prupose. Build not only space stations, but also ground stations linked to each other, and offer a lift, from the ground to the space station, customers that pay for a space trip usually don't have their own ships to get up there, and this can be used for cargo pruposes aswell, those big ass ships are a pain in the ass to land, so better keep them up there and use smaller transport ships to get the goods from the big ships to the ground and viceversa. Be aware of space pirates, you could hire some kind of space force / mercenaries, or, train your own, spoiler alert, this means another module, more docks for fighter ships and hey, sub-modules, in the engineering bay, to build your own fighers / big battleships instead of buying them. To add more to the game, instead of just picking what to build, there can also be an investigation feature, or a tech tree or whatever, you don't need to investigate a restaurant or a hotel, but you are not specialized in combat, so you might need and I+D module, that you will use to unlock those combat modules / ships and equip them with the lastest technology. In terms of gameplay, my idea is to have one station in the screen at a time, and you can move the camera arround to see what's going on, zoom in, zoom out, kinda like a sims game. And there would be a primary HUD for the station we are currently in, and a foldable / hidden one, that would show, with less detail, how are the other stations doing. The game would have either simple 3D graphics, like cities skylines, or 2D graphics with isometric view. Also, after getting new modules / stations you could need to hire bartenders, mechanics, pilots, or whatever, but that would be a rather simple feature, that doesn't need to be complicated, as the player will have his thoughts on other things, there's no point on making him worry about salaries and shit, the cost and mantenience of the statins / modules is enought, in fact, the salaries can just be included on those mantenience costs without even mentioning them. Just, build the module, and have it inoperative until you click on ""hire personnel"" Ofc you can also sell modules, and as they are detachable modules, you can not only restructure your station, but also move a (small) module from a station to another (close, no more than a planet away, if you want you can send it from planet to planet until you reach the one that you want, and no interstellar travel for modules) If someone gives it a try, please tell me, I'd like to follow the development.",1564514352
cftu13,A battle royal with swords and shields?,"Not your typical shooter BR but with melee combat mechanics instead that grants the ability to block, guardbreak, light attacks heavy attacks and so on",1563674224
ce0xsq,How could Zelda Breath of the Wild weapon breaking mechanic be better?,"Not sure if this post belongs in this sub but here goes. In that game, all of your weapons have durability. This feature was advertised for twilight princess. Swords will shatter. Shields will break. It sounded really cool and gritty at the time, but I hate it now. I'm thinking the idea would be better if there was something extra to it or if the sword combat had more depth. Do you guys have any ideas where breaking your weapons could actually be cool or worth it?",1563301577
ca0m5p,"games where a heightmap changes shape when players turn knobs/slidebars, depending on combos timelessly, and you try to move water up a mountain while knobs keep spilling some places cuz its the only way you know to reshape other parts, so a puzzle game",,1562458290
cijfxm,A castle/town building game where you farm NPC villagers to build and go to war.,"You are the lord of the town, you must grow your NPC population in order to grow and expand your influence, while also using them to attack others or defend your own town.",1564244410
cd3hew,PacMan except its first person.,Pretty self-explanatory.,1563113827
cawpg3,Game about learning the boss arena,"Okay, so my idea is for a game where every level also functions on the boss arena. Each level would essentially have two main stages: exploration and boss fight. The idea of exploration stage is to familiarize yourself with both the level itself and the mechanics it introduces. For example, you might find an object that's on fire, and to use it, you have to push it under a waterfall that's located at a specific corner if the level. You might also find a lizard like enemy that chases you when you're carrying a gem. In the next stage, you might have to fight a dragon, but unfortunately, its untouchable, as its body is engulfed in fire. Combining the two lessons from earlier, you'd lure it over with a gem to then douse it with water. By playing the level, the player would gain skills uniquely suited to then beating the boss. The boss fight would ideally take place over the entire map, and would be fairly complicated, utilizing all newly introduced mechanics.",1562651294
casd2i,"A simple ""game"" where you type in any command and get a response. If the command doesn't already have a response, you can request one or vote on one, and other players can vote on responses, too. When a response gets 100 votes, it becomes official.","Think of [Elemental 4](https://elemental.davecode.me/#game) or [Elemental 3](https://htwins.net/elem3/) (both of which are currently down, unfortunately/I guess a more popular example would be Akinator) but without combining elements and literally with just typing in a word or phrase, maybe with a character limit of 30. Example: If you type ""/bruh"" and get no results, you can request a response of ""bruh moment,"" and others can vote on your response. After a few days, ""bruh moment"" gets enough votes, and, now, when anyone types ""/bruh,"" they get a response of ""bruh moment."" It's like every single player is contributing to the development of an interactive AI that, eventually, will have a response to literally any meaningful thing that you type which consists of 30 alphanumeric characters or less. ""/Hey"" ""Hey, how are you doing?"" ""/Do you like pie"" ""I like cream pies"" ""/Pee"" ""Very funny and original."" &amp;#x200B; This isn't really a game, but it'd be fun nonetheless.",1562626820
cjjn6h,An Outer Wilds style Airship game.,"Short Preface (skip please):There have been a lot of game Ideas floating around in my head for years now. I think about them all the time while I work, evolving, combining with other ideas, turning into movies or cartoon series and this idea is just one of many. I've tried making things in Unity, but I went in blind and got burned out before making any real progress. Anyway enough about my ambition on to the idea. There was a game made for a game jam called the Aurora Wager. [credit to the creators](https://ramjetanvil.itch.io/the-aurora-wager). The concept of that game is you pilot a hot air balloon, adjusting your altitude to ride various air currents and stay above the mysterious deadly fog. You would periodically land to pick up items scattered around islands coming out of the fog such as fuel, a harpoon gun, or useless crates. The game was fairly bare bones (being made in a short amount of time) and honestly not that fun, the incredibly long times you would have to ride air currents to get anywhere combined with permadeath and no saves made the game difficult to enjoy. However, I see a lot of potential for a game with this concept. The game I seek to make would take a lot of inspiration from the Aurora Wager, Outer Wilds, Sea of Theives, and to some extent Up (the movie). You would pilot a ramshackle hot air-ship made partly from a house. You would Explore through a land above the clouds, landing on floating islands picking up loot and building materials as well as uncovering mysteries. You would then have to bring these materials over to mechanics who can upgrade your ship. Be careful not to carry to much at once and weigh down your balloon. Upgrades like: increased engine power, increased burner efficiency, larger balloon, grapple gun, perhaps even a cannon.  I have already envisioned different areas of the sky that you could travel to. You would start out in a great open area with clouds completely covering the lands below. Although they are white and fluffy on top, below rages a great eternal storm over an ocean. going directly through the clouds would result in your ship being torn apart by lightning serpents. The majority of the surface is covered by terribly rough seas that would destroy your ship if you fell in it. To the north the barrier clouds break up, and give way to lots of smaller clouds at various altitudes. Here you can freely cross up and down past the barrier clouds (beware, there might be pirates hiding in them). To the south there are misty mountains that peek above the clouds. You'll have to use caution to navigate the mist riddled canyons (beware of savage bird people too). The biggest mountain has caves large enough to fly your ship through. As you go up to higher altitudes the air gets thinner and colder(so make sure to pack warm clothes) the islands start to resemble asteroids. The highest island in the entire game is the moon itself (I'm guessing this will be the penultimate point in the story.)  Like Outer Wilds and Subnautica I want the game to be fairly open ended, and have the player unfold the story by exploring. They would come across locations like ancient temples and towns with bridges spanning multiple islands. Players would find animals like Sky whales you can ride by having them tow you, floating gasbags that emit toxic gas, and big anoying birds that peck at your balloon. I had the Idea that player would not have a marker to indicate their position on the map, and would have to use navigation tools and landmarks to determine their position. Players would also have to draw new islands position on the map by themselves and have it verified by a map maker (who would correct slight errors).  There are 3 main aspects to piloting your airship: steering, altitude, and engine. You would adjust the altitude of your ship by using the burner regulate the temperature of the balloon. The higher the temperature, the more lift it provides, and the faster the temperature decreases. As you gain altitude the balloon becomes less and less effective at keeping you buoyant. Although Air currents should make up the majority of your speed (at least in the early game) the engine would allow you to maneuver in directions the wind isn't blowing (although it burns a lot of fuel in the process) by turning a large windmill at the back of your ship. Lastly at the front of your ship is a helm where you turn a medium sail that acts as a fin that you can turn yourself with. Unlike outer wilds there is no time loop, if you die, your airship gets destroyed or drifts too far away you reload at the last safe island. There will be enemies you encounter that seek to kill you or destroy your airship. Now here's a point that I'm indecisive about: Do I want to add combat, or do I want the majority the challenge to be puzzle solving and exploration based puzzles? I'm envisioning this game to have an ERSB of E10. I'm not sure that occasional puzzles could hold the player's attention sufficiently, but on the other hand, would adding shooting detract from the game's light hearted atmosphere? I'd like your opinion on this. I think I might have spent way to long typing this all out. But it feels nice to finally have this on (virtual) paper. Please give me your honest thoughts and opinions. Might post more of my game ideas in the future.",1564444748
ch168n,And note app call grind quest that rewards students/ kids for doing their work. A simple way to reward them without any effort,"For this idea to work, the “rewards” Loot Boxes CANNOT be bought and can ONLY be given through verification with teacher/parent.",1563929631
cg91ij,Turn Based Strategy controlled by a Gods Dating Sim,"So this is a game I've had in my mind for a while now, and it combines two game types that normally don't seem connected - but throw in some gods and this has a potential to be huge (in my mind at least) You are an emperor to be, sitting on the throne of a small country. Like any good emperor conquerer, you wish to expand and gain more resources so you can stretch the borders of your rule even further. To do that you pray to the gods, when one day they answer! You ask a goddess for resources and she tells you that she'll give you the resources if you'll pray to another goddess and find out if she's been fooling around with this other god. Do that and you'll gain patronage and your foolish resources. Made a divine being angry? Suffer their wrath! Convinced them that an opposing nation have done the wrong? Sit and watch as your opponents expire! Managed to gain the trust and love of a divine patron who's guiding another nation, and they like you better than the other ruler? Congratulations - you are a divine conquerer! So the game has two intertwined gameplay goals: 1. Expand your empire 2. Gain the trust and love of gods and goddesses The final goal is to become so powerful and form a strong enough bond with a divine entity that they turn you into a god.",1563772674
cboxv9,"A Game Idea I've Knocked Around In My Head, Based Loosely On True Events.","A Puzzle Adventure/Walking Simulator. You (game version of you) have just inherited your grandparents' farm. You hadn't seen your grandparents since you went off to college and began a career in teaching, but you used to visit them at least twice a year as a kid. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; Your grandfather loved puzzles and riddles, an interest that you share with him. Every year for your birthday, up to your last birthday six months ago, he sends you a handmade puzzle of some kind. The material could vary, but you loved them. He'd always ask you to send a picture or video of you solving or having solved the puzzle. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; Your grandmother was the more straight-laced type. She was strict, but she did show her love for you. While your grandfather loved to take you fishing or skipping rocks across the lake, she insisted you help around the farm with various chores. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; One chore she'd have you do, which you secretly loved (but never let on, knowing she'd make you do it 100% of the time you visited) was cooking. You loved reading over the recipes, cutting up the ingredients, measuring out the spices, and tasting the food, to see if anything needed to be added. One thing I'd like to do with this part is maybe make it where you find a recipe card file, and the recipe cards are scattered about the kitchen. Also, the recipe cards would feature real, honest-to-god recipes that could be prepared in the real world. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; During the game, you will find items that remind you of these memories and many more. You will find toys or books you forgot you had because they made you leave anything they bought for you during your visits with them, ""for the next time you came to visit"". &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; You encounter puzzles that remind you of the puzzles your grandfather sent to you every year. Turns out, he was ""training"" you to solve the exact same puzzles, or facsimiles thereof, for when the time came that you'd inherit their house and land. They had always planned for you to inherit the property. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; Your grandparents, it turns out, are emotional hoarders. They hold onto anything and everything that reminds them of loved ones either long past, or else they rarely get to see. You find items that apparently belonged to your mother (her side of the family), your grandparents, great-grandparents, aunts and uncles (large family), and even yourself. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; I'm stuck on whether to go a more paranormal/mystery route, but this is what I've got so far.",1562805554
cizxkx,Videogames as a Service,"This started as a seperate tangent while writing an elder scrolls 6 wishlist, but since games as a service are becoming more and more prevalent, has anyone thought about dedicated ""in game"" studio employees functioning as enemy role player characters (think of what marshmallow did in fortnites live concert, but more interactive, like a king of a region, who is a paid employee of the game company, who's job is to protect his ""in game"" throne, while 50-100 players on a server work together in cooperation to take him down.",1564340989
cd7w6s,What to add in carnival game,"Hey guys, I am making a carnival themed game in my free time, nothing big, but I want to ask, and I really don't know if this is the right place to ask, but: &amp;#x200B; What stuff should be in a carnival? &amp;#x200B; I know obviously the 'Big Top' (big tent) where all the big shows are, and minigames everywhere, but like what else? what games? what stalls? what fun things?",1563136537
c98h4p,You're the commander of a roman legion that finds itself transported into a world of fantasy and demons.,"The world would be similar to the novel ""The Misplaced Legion"" by Harry Turtledove. The start of the game would initiate with the legion being transported mid-battle into a dark world where humans are being pushed back into a small corner of the world. Located in one of the last human kingdoms left, as commander, you will have to use diplomacy, cunning, and ruthlessness to maintain or expand human territory. The main goal of the game is to reach the center of the world, where mana has accumulates due to a meteor landing millions of years ago. Increasingly powerful monsters exist near the center of the world due to the benefits it provides in terms of growth and power to beings that live closer to it.",1562278823
cg17i4,Card Game Mechanic Idea,"Digital card games have an advantage that I haven't seen being used as a major mechanic before, namely that the computer could make parts of your deck visible while still keeping the rest hidden. In physical card games it would be a lot harder to make, for example, the fourth, fifthe and eigth card in your deck visible (at all times) so that you could use this in the planning of your strategy. So, what if you had a card game where the played cards make other cards in your deck visible and a shuffle makes all of them invisible again? The default amount of cards you draw per turn can be held small (like 3 or 2) so that knowing which card will follow is a major advantage. The player should have the option to scroll through the cards in the deck at any time to see which ones are visible and when the turn of such card would come (if no other effect hampers with that). The opponent could thwart your strategy by: - reshuffling your deck (making all cards invisible again) - repositioning certain cards (maybe even in combination with the knowledge of which cards are visible to the player without, of course, knowing which card specifically but maybe so in a general sense (like: is it an attack or an effect or a skill)) - putting the cards of your graveyard back in your deck at random positions with or without a reshuffle of the deck (without a reshuffle that would mean the cards that were visible in your deck before will still be visible but the added graveyard cards will be invisible and the random positioning may make your previous strategy useless). Strategies could be very specific, like the effect on a certain card will only work if a specific card is played in the next turn or if you can predict in what turn you will be playing that specific card. Such effects would then also be very powerful as the demand is rather high. Easier conditions have lesser effects and immediate conditions (like, the immediate effect a card has when played in your turn) have the lowest effect (e.g. very low damage or block) so that trying to predict the way the game will play out in future turns has the highest reward vs risk.",1563728318
cds245,VR game idea - Lava Run,"In this game, you start off in an arbitrary place like an office building or a living room. Suddenly you see hot lava approaching, and your only option is to “run” in one direction for as long as possible. The longer you are alive, the faster the lava flows towards you. Here’s where the fun part comes in - you have to overcome obstacles in order to keep running and stay alive longer. For example, if you have to run through a house, you will need to break down walls or windows with your hands to get through. you can find things like crowbars to assist with this. Naturally destructible environment. This would be very fun in VR since you’d be swinging your hands around finding your way through things attempting to distance yourself from the lava. I can imagine looking out my living room window and seeing lava fast approaching, and trying to run out of my house and through other people’s yards and houses, or through a mall (you get the idea). Other things you could run from could be water (flood), swarms of bees, etc.",1563249717
cgpivm,Area 51 Stealth Infiltration,"Basically a sci-fi love letter written to Metal Gear and XCOM Start with a basic base infiltration in the desert, but as you go deeper into the facility you discover that the government has been experimenting with the alien tech. Mechs, hybrid soldiers, weaponry. In order to escape you must learn to adapt and use their own tricks against them. Has potential beyond the meme.",1563867401
chjyev,A Half-Life style FPS set in Area 51,"Set in *1964*, the height of the Cold War, you play as one of the regular soldiers in the Nevada army base. All of a sudden, the base is on alert and your unit is called to Area 51. [You are equipped with a gas mask and a body armor.](https://youtu.be/eW7SOyuoO0o?t=592) Similar to *Opposing Force* and *Resistance: Fall of Man*, your unit is sent through helicopters. You do not receive a mission briefing. Your unit enters the base. The first 20 minutes play like a horror game similar to *Aliens*. You explore the environment inside. Floors and walls are bloody and damaged. Full of dead guards and scientists, until they rise up back alive and attack the guards. Since this was before *Night of the Living Dead*, these zombies are called 'vampires', the name inspired by the movie, [*The Last Man on Earth*](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0058700/), released in the same year. Scientist vampires overwhelm the player with the number, but very weak. Guard zombies use human weaponry to attack you. Soldier zombies are heavily equipped, move fast, and have intelligent AI. As you descend further down, it is revealed that the government really captured aliens during the Roswell Incident. However, the alien virus was leaked, turning every human into a zombie. You soon get kidnapped by the classic stereotypical aliens who try to perform an experiment on you like the surgery scene from Quake 4. You receive the alien blood into your body and breaks out and escapes. The alien blood gives the player a special power such as the limited health regeneration (Resistance 1, Wolfenstein) and the bullet-time ability (F.E.A.R. and Max Payne). You rejoin your allies and continue to fight the infected and the aliens. Alien enemies are diverse. Some act like the human soldier, using powerful ray-guns. Some are more animalistic similar to Half-Life's alien enemies. The player can equip the weapons of its time: M-14, a long-range rifle with the scope. M16A1, a mid-range rifle that can be used during the close-quarter combat using the bayonet. M2 Flamethrower, effective against the group of enemies but the burning enemy can charge at you and damage. Colt 45, a pistol. M77E, the shotgun. China Lake, the pump-action grenade launcher. M-60, the heavy machine-gun that enables you to roleplay Rambo. Ray gun, the oldschool alien's weapon that shoots powerful projectiles. Like Half-Life, the game has no cutscene. It is one seamless journey from start to end with no interruption. The bombastic set-pieces are backloaded to the third act, where you get to participate in the full-on battle between humans and aliens such as fighting the flying saucer. The general science fiction aesthetics are similar to 1960s pulp sci-fi movies, cards, and magazines. You hear the atmospheric Moog synth music score like [The Forbidden Planet.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unSrf-htPbk)",1564035738
cgdcwm,Homeward Bound: The Incredible Game,"A game loosely based on Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey. You play as Chance, Shadow, and Sassy, separated from their family by hundred of miles of wilderness and danger. Each character has special abilities allowing you to solve problems and fight or flee from enemies. Example, you come across a raging river. Sassy can use her climb ability and climb a tree and easily make it over, but Shadow and Chance are still across. From up in the tree, Sassy can spot a big log. Shadow can use his nudge ability or Chance can use his drag ability to bring the log to the river and hop over. Or you come across a wild boar. Chance uses his bark to intimidate the boar, but it only gets angrier, but when Shadow uses his growl, the boar gets scared off. These are just the bones of an idea, of course. I'm thinking it would be fairly linear but with some exploration. Trine is definitely an inspiration. Also GTA:V with the character switching, but more like how it was supposed to be, not how it actually is.",1563802937
caobgm,Telltale Games should've made a Superman game,"Instead of the Batman game imagine Superman game. The fact that it is next to impossible to decide on how to do a Superman game because of the scale of his powers and the limitations it might heed on the player it would be almost a no brainer for it to be a Telltale Game. Think about it. You have choices you make like Superman, deciding who to save over who not to save first, your words as Superman reflecting onto the population of Metropolis. An investigation angle as Clark. Maybe as another idea, you spend time as Superman then maybe another chapter as Lex, the choices you make as both impacts the others future events leading to a finale where they have to face the consequences of the actions of each other may be as allies facing a larger threat or as enemies. Your thoughts?",1562608150
cffzyd,Need a game idea based on Norse mythology,"Hi guys. I would like to know if any of you have any ideas of a game that could incorporate the Norse mythology quite well, the gods, the world, the stories etc. I have been thinking about a rogue like style of game, but can’t really get a good concept down. Any ideas?",1563585521
cc6ave,Horror game Idea,Another idea I've had for a game and even made concept art for it while going for a BA in game art. (rough idea of the story i had from when I had created artwork and the story.) Man looking for his son who disappeared/kidnapped while visiting a circus who was which led him to a small town where a circus is set up. He goes to a small diner and starts seeing a warped reality where screams are being heard from the back of a kid as the cook is butchering him to serve to customers (all customers are eating normally). The cook starts going after you where you manage to escape and everything goes back to normal. As the game continues the world gets more warped leaving demonic clowns (circus tropes) killing people and hunting you down along with the town citizens becoming more twisted as time passes. The kid is constantly being killed in multiple ways as the game goes on. The game ends at the circus where the kid is and multiple endings are possible. * You rescue your son and make it to safety as police come into town. * You are the killer/kidnapper who killed the kid who gave his soul to a demon to torment you for eternity for your crime. * You make it to safety and as the police arrive they shoot you on site. * You make it to safety and the kid starts to transform dragging you back into hell (the town) as the police arrive freaking them out.,1562906790
cjfj62,"A traditional JRPG where, at mid/late game, you can split up your group to fight at 2 or 3 fronts","First of all, I do not play RPGs much often, so I have no idea if the suggestions below have been done more often: In most games nowadays, there's the opportunities to have several members to follow you into your adventure, even though the whole game combat is balanced around deploying up to 3 or 4 party members at combat at a time The simpler road to implement this idea is like what was done in Dragon Age: Origins, where, right at the very end of the game, you have to split your party of 9 companions, plus the protagonist(""the hero""), into two fighting groups of 4 people . It's such a great idea to use all of them right at the climax of game, and sadly, this wasn't done in later DA games, like DA:I . My suggestion is for this to be done more often at the later stages of the game, not just at the latest one Another possibility of this is at boss fights, where only 3~4 party members can engage with the ""main boss"", while other party members have to either deal with a ""secondary boss(es)"" or block the route upon which enemy reinforcements will arrive . If the player fails to fight at all fronts, then the surviving party members will be surrounded, and enemies who have the ""flank"" buff will not only have more devastating attacks/spells, with higher chance to proc ""critical hits"" for example, but also be able to access abilities that may prevent/sabotage the player from using items, for example",1564426146
cbidqm,A mobility-focused FPS where all guns shoot explosives,"I enjoy parkour in games. I enjoy shooting in games. I enjoy explosions in general. Games where you shoot the ground to propel yourself upwards with the power of explosions really appeal to me. &amp;#x200B; My idea is a game that plays like a pretty standard mobility shooter like Quake or Dusk, but traversal via explosive recoil is a necessity rather than something that helps sometimes. Since all my ideas for this hang off the player's loadout, I'll outline my ideas for all the different weapon types and how they aid in traversal below. &amp;#x200B; * **Rocket Launcher**: The vanilla option that behaves how a Quake fan expects it would. Firing at your feet while jumping gives you a boost to your jump height, firing at an angle will boost you at an angle away from the blast allowing you to wall-jump by firing at a wall while moving away from it. * **Micro-Missle Launcher**: A machine gun but all the bullets explode. Doesn't knock you back as far as the other options, but firing at an angle while moving towards a wall allows you to wall-ride due to the rapid tiny explosions, and firing at the ground at an angle will accelerate you backward. * **Grenade Launcher**: Projectiles bounce off surfaces and explode on a timer. Explosions will propel you like a rocket, but are much harder to use. However, using a different method of rocket-jumping and timing it with a grenade's blast will give you a bigger boost. * **Remote Explosives**: These stick to surfaces and can be detonated using their alt-fire, or by other explosives. Can be used as a crutch by less skilled players as they can be fired ahead and activated without looking at the surface they're attached to. Can also be comboed like the grenade launcher to provide a bigger boost, allowing for up to three different explosions to be comboed together to propel you at warp speed towards the ceiling. * **Cluster-Bomb Launcher**: Fires like a grenade launcher, but explodes on impact. Then a cluster of smaller explosives that bounce following the arc a grenade would have taken, with small deviations for each explosive, that also detonate on impact. Quite frankly, I have no idea how this would be used in any practical way, but I imagine someone out there would find a way to chain this with the other options to create a ludicrously massive explosion.",1562773717
c9q2p0,VR God Game,"Hello Game Idea enthusiasts, &amp;#x200B; **Pitch:** Simple pitch really make a game like black and white but in VR, VR is the perfect medium for a god game in the vein of black and white as interactivity is everything in VR and god games in VR would really give the player that god like felling of being able to destroy a village that really irks them or bestow bountiful miracles to those they adore. &amp;#x200B; **The Setting:** The setting would be a mythical version of our world during early man I suppose just before the dark ages or whenever we started to give birth to all the different religions. &amp;#x200B; **The Plot:** You're one of the first gods born of some unknown (imaginary) religion and the first section of the game the only god in existence is you (as far as you know) but as the game progresses new gods start appearing along with new religions, with this you basically go around trying to unify all the religions whilst also figuring out why and stooping the new growth of new random religions (as a side note not all the religions would be ""good"" for example some may be like those weird cults you hear about). &amp;#x200B; **Gameplay:** Mechanically the game would be like the first black and white but in VR with some unique features such as increased diversity in how the villages functions i.e. having boathouses or torture dungeon. There wouldn't be any pet though however some gods do end up having 'messiahs' that have a limited set of miracles but they have the unique ability to be able to perform anywhere (They have the limit though that eventually they die). &amp;#x200B; **Graphics:** I think the graphics should be more light-hearted but still be in a capacity you could take seriously I suppose cell shaded might fit this. &amp;#x200B; If ya have any other questions feel free to ask me.",1562391775
cfyboj,Want to make a side scrolling game,"So, i want to make a side scrolling game similar to mario. I know I want the character you control to be a cat, and I have started the cats animation. But need ideas... What type of enemies should i have? Maybe have to jump over dogs? Or have birds attack? What all could make the world more interesting?",1563710847
cb7hfg,500+ nicely described games from PhysEdGames +Animated vids explaining each,"I want to share this awesome resource which I came across earlier today when scavenging the internets for ideas on how to spice up the CTF-mode for the game I am currently developing. &amp;#x200B; These simple and field-tested games/gems/mechanics might serve as a **source of inspiration** for atleast one of you guys. &amp;#x200B; [physedgames.com](https://physedgames.com/) [PhysEdGames Youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/user/PhysEdGames/videos) [They even got twitter](https://twitter.com/physedgames) &amp;#x200B; If you find use in this, I'd be happy to read about your favorite game below!!",1562709187
c97hmd,A game that is 25% Customization and 75% Gameplay. A random guy's idea on his perfect new game genre.,"I've been thinking a lot about how Minecraft and such became popular and more on a personal level why I enjoy XCOM 2 and games like Divinity Original Sin 2 more than anything else. I came to the realization that all of them had the same kind of quality to it. You've always added some of yourself to it. It has strong Customization, I'd call it the Lego Effect. Lego became the giant it is because it's all about letting it's fans build whatever they want, let their creative mind flourish. &amp;#x200B; Now when I say 25% Customization I do want to stress that I don't mean that you get to have sliders for your nostrils and the size of your earlobes. I want it to affect gameplay, and purposely avoid balance issues. Let me try and pose an example here, I know I'm not the best at writing these pitches so bear with me. Lets theme it around Fantasy because that'd probably be the easiest way for me to give a coherent idea. 1. Starting with something no one has ever really done, is to tie the customization in DIRECTLY with difficulty setting. This could go two ways, neither mutually exclusive. You can start as a group of people, assemble your own party. Consisting of either randomly generated heroes that are customizable or starting from blank templates. Cosmetically the customization won't have any impact, but the abilities will. If you want to create a group of powerful heroes each of which can slam down a horde of enemies all at once then so be it. Do you want to create a solo Wizard that can blast a horde of enemies down at once? Also fine. Your playthrough will be very easy. On the other end of the spectrum, do you want to create a one-armed blind peasant that starts off with a dagger and has difficulty getting through the storyline from start to finish? Also an option, you lovable masochist bastard. I feel like many games have gotten close to this concept but never quite hit the mark. Moving on. 2. Gameplay remains important. Something Divinity Original Sin 2 did well was to offer people developed protagonists as well as blank slates. Not everyone likes to write out their entire character but they do want a taste of deep storytelling, because of this Gameplay is still going to be important and it has to have an identity of it's own to start from, referring to Lego again think about how they offer both sets and boxes of blocks alike. I'm certain a game could do this to a more compact degree, in fact I do think Divinity did this quite well already. 3. Online Component. More specifically, a certain focus on Roleplay. Some would say WoW and SWTOR were the golden standard for this. Others would point to games like Second Life. (Believe it or not). But they do have a point. and I do think there's an example of a middle ground being reached in that regard in recent history. FiveM. What's FiveM? FiveM is a modded online version of GTA 5 that's everything that GTA:O isn't. Don't get me wrong, I love GTA:O but FiveM is responsible for the game's revival after it's official counterpart started becoming more stale and lackluster with the years. FiveM's most popular use is for Roleplay. GTA as a game is perfect for that. It's an open world with a good degree of gameplay present. Now in this hypothetical game we can ramp that up to 100 and allow people to create their own setpieces easily. Though I used MMOs as my example for golden standards I do think that that game genre has very little future as of today. Given that the most exciting thing coming out is WoW Classic. (Fingers crossed that it sparks a revival for good MMOs but that's just wishful thinking.) Point is for the Online Component I wouldn't go full MMO, FiveM with it's player-driven servers is the perfect vessel for it. This allows small communities of RPers to set up shop similar to old school chatrooms and forums and for the audience that wants to focus on custom game modes, there's that option too. 4. Customization, Cosmetic. Now what would cosmetic customization entail exactly? I feel like I'm gonna get frowned at when I say this but I think Fallout 4 had a good balance between too much and too little. Bethesda in it's prime was always good at character creators. Skyrim is also a good example but aside from it's option to pick several races at it's core I think Fallout 4 improved on it significantly. 5. Customization, Abilities. Here's where it gets difficult. I imagine it's not easy to develop vastly differing skill trees even if you don't have to balance them. So for a game like this I'd have a mix of Divinity 2's ""classless"" system with something like a Branching tree. Similar to games like Dragon's Dogma and Dragon Age. You could have three basics, Brawn, Finesse and Wisdom. Brawn would be everything melee, heavy, strong dudes and dudettes from Monks to Heavily armoured lancers. Finesse could be about things like Rogues but also Rangers.. Everything that comes to mind when you think of Agility or anything that's ranged and isn't magical in nature. The branches would descend downwards and for the difficulty setting, I'd look to Europa Universalis IV for inspiration, specifically their custom nation designer. The easier you set the difficulty, the more points you get to start with. I think they did this the best out of any game I played. The Core Philosophy would be that you can start as a rather beefy lone protagonist or a group of up to 4 people. (Potentially Online Co-op like Divinity). The hardest difficulty setting would have them start as barely strong enough to deal with a single low-tier unit. Think of XCOM 2's early game when you lose a lot of rookies and a group of footsoldiers are a legitimate threat and can be devastating when they get lucky with their aim. Whereas on Easy your single party member would be stronger than a lone wolf on Hard. 6. Difficulty, Going more in depth on the philosophy behind it I think Difficulty being tied to customization sounds illogical at first because one's instinct is not to make the game too easy. I think it would be worth considering the idea that varying degrees of difficulty can be quite fun to play around with. Some like it challenging, others are wimpy ragequitters like me that prefer to customize their characters and roleplay more than deepening themselves into hard strategic gameplay. For me it's one or the other depending on mood, but I'd like a game that offers both, so far XCOM 2 and Divinity Original Sin 2 are the only ones that really do this. If you've come this far I thank you for putting up with my writing, I don't do these often and a lot of it's rather endless rambling. I hope my perspective can be somewhat interesting in the end and I'd love to see feedback, positive or negative as long as it's constructive and relevant to the idea rather than my writing (Not a native english speaker so it's a difficult road getting better at it).",1562273170
cdj57q,Colleticle style game similar to some phone games,"I thought a simple idea for a developer who is more keen to work on art or content would be a collectible style game. Now to clarify I don’t mean along the lines of banjo and kazooie. I mean more like a mobile game such as tiny tower, pocket planes/trains. What these games do well is the interesting range of items you can collect/craft however what these games do wrong is they focus the gameplay around artificial means to extend playtime such as waiting timers/ cooldowns or “premium” currency. I feel a real developer could take the opportunity to scratch the itch of people who like to collect lots of unique items without milking them for their money using lazy design and instead makes something fun to play. Thank you for reading and sorry poor formatting as this is posted from iphone.",1563205892
cgoix7,Horror game idea,"After watching wrong turn again recently, I thought of an idea in a game where you are a lone survivor in immense woods and have 3 backwoods maniacs hunting you. Environments would be dark, many trees, cabins in the woods. You would have to find ways to cover your tracks and move silently. Using past victims’ items they left behind to survive and craft objects for survival or to attack the enemies. Open world. Thats all I can think of and I’m just spit balling but I think it would be fun.",1563860248
cdvroz,Solo Player Story Game Idea,"A Single Player Story Game, following the death of a middle aged man. He dies of a sudden brain hemmorage and his soul was not at peace to move on. You play through the game going through his life mistake by mistake and go through his biggest regrets. The goal of the game is to find and forgive yourself for all your sins and wrongdoings holding you stuck in the spiritual plane, instead of going to *heaven* because your soul wasn't at peace.",1563276399
cce046,Shattered Perception,I need ideas for a game (named Shattered Perception) where you explore the protagonists past through either puzzles or just interaction with the environment. I only have the name and the basic concept and would just like to see what others come up with. Some other ideas: - While you explore their past the protagonist slowly turns into the games antagonist - Horror elements in the game - Puzzle elements I would also thank anyone who could come up with a good setting for the game. I am not good at graphics but i really liked Portal's theme as it is simple to make. Thanks for any ideas! (2d or 3d doesnt matter),1562953123
cafblm,A Space Station 4 player Coop FPS Zombie,"You could awaken from cryostatus and You and 4 other players or cpu's are a medical team with no combat experience. You see that the life support went offline so you were awoken. As you leave the medbay you see thousands of zombies. Basically like l4d meets dead rising. You can pick up random objects and kill zombies. A holobat, stiching gun, lasers, etc. You have to work together. You can do finishers. Lots of minigames like a golfing game where you kill zombies by lodging golfballs in there brains, clown squirting game where you rot zombies, etc.",1562552852
chremh,"Games where you teach a ball how to move based on the directions and speeds it moved in the last few seconds, which you can adjust and teach by mouse movements in realtime, and the strategy is you have limited amount of adjustments compared to it has to move in more complex patterns and longer","Imagine a 2d world with no gravity, with strange shaped nonmoving blobs you're not allowed to touch. The ball's AI learns where you want it to move, as it and you control the same ball together, but the AI cant see the terrain and has to react only to its path in the last few seconds. You try to make small less frequent adjustments compared to the AI controls it more often than you adjust, so you have to find patterns in the terrain and teach it those by your movements and learn how it reacts to your adjustments. I am exploring possible games like this using a LSTM neuralnet, but theres room for many different variations of games like this.",1564078633
ca8ecw,Help! Having writer's Block!,"so for my ""Ettin"" game (see below or search) I am having writer's block with the story. I want the story to involve him falling down a mountain, and he has to get back up to ____ to do _____ at the top of the mountain. I need the story to do something like Bennet Foddy's Getting Over it. Where there is deeper meaning to the purpose of the game and what you are doing. I really need help to put this together.",1562515379
ci1sze,A 1 vs 5 Horror survival game idea,"This game idea is about a crazed hunter with a rifle and expert tracking skills. The victims must use clever camouflage techniques to ensure they are not killed. To win, the victims would have to make it to a safe zone and secure it. The hunter could win by killing the victims or securing the safe zone. Tell me what you think, I know its a bit vague but I'm willing to improve upon it. Thx",1564141348
ckbpes,"Vikings in space, mythology based resource managing game","An idea I am currently working on, would love your thoughts. **Setting:** The game idea I have is about vikings stranded on a magical ship. The setting is a large field of planets and the ship can travel from the planet it is on to another that is within range. The planets are loosely based on the Nine worlds of Nordic mythology, e.g. there are lava planets (Musphelheim), ice planets (Nifelheim) and so on, but there are many instances rather than one. **Goal:** The goal can perhaps be to reach the vikings home planet/world Midgard, located in the centre of the 'galaxy'. I am thinking this goal can be optional and doesn't end the game, similarly to the space stage in Spore, provided there are enough other things to interest the player in the galaxy. The planets should not be uniformly spaced throughout so maybe some ship range and other upgrades are necessary for getting there. The core of the gameplay should revolve around managing a few resources, positioning the ship in the 'galaxy', upgrading the ship and managing your standing with a few viking gods. **Resources:** **Food:** Resource gathered by visiting fertile planets, (Terran and Oceanic perhaps). Food is spent every time when travelling between planets based on the number People on the ship and the distance. Food can also be sacrificed to a god to improve standing with them. Running out of food will cause you to start losing People when travelling. **People:** The ship starts with a number of people on it. Food consumption depends on the number of People. People are also spent fighting. Combat mechanics are not quite clear yet, but should be along the lines of ""Loose X warriors to defeat enemies on the current planet"", creative suggestions on how the combat can work are welcome! Losing all of your people means losing the game. You can recruit more people from Terran planets for gold. **Magic:** I am also considering adding some magic as a currency/resource so there is an incentive to go to other planet types other than ones that give food as well (the main problem with this design so far). So maybe you go to ice planets to harvest it/fight for it, and go to fire planets on (some of which?) you can find Dwarves you can buy upgrades with? Perhaps in this way more planet types and all resources will tie in nicely together? Of course, in the mythology Dwarves live in caves, but maybe they like the heat of the fire planets for smithing? Not everything should be strictly following the mythology, similarly as the Marvel movies and the recent God of War game do some of their own interpretations. **Gods:** There are a few Norse gods that you have a standing with, starting from 0. Sacrificing food to them can improve your standing with them, your decisions in some encounters can affect it too. Maybe there can be other ways to affect it too, for example, your lost warriors go to Odin in Valhalla and improve your standing? After reaching a certain standing you get an upgrade/buff from the god, e.g, maybe you get Odin's ravens as scouts to tell you what exact resources are available on nearby planets. Higher standing can earn more powerful buffs/upgrades, which can be lost if the standing is lost. The other way to upgrade is buying from the Dwarves (potentially). **Encounters:** At some planets, you will encounter mythical heroes/creatures which you can interact with, e.g. kill them or give resources in exchange for something. An example: at an Oceanic planet you encounter the serpent Jormungander. Killing it will improve your standing with Thor as it is its enemy, but it will lower your standing with Loki, as it is his child. **Planet types:** Terran, Oceanic - these give food. Barren - only good for stopping your ship before the next destination. Fire, Ice - can be either tied in with Dwarves and Magic as above or maybe fire and ice Jotuns? I feel like I need more types with incentives to visit them to make things interesting. I feel I've got the basis for an interesting game combining mythology and a space feel. Have you seen any similar games or ones I can draw inspiration from?",1564594662
ch0sql,Need help with my Fantasy Spell Slinger Card Game,"**Main Mechanic:** Build your 6 card hand from a selection of cards. Each card has an element, mana cost and power value. \- The element determines the cards effectiveness against other cards. Ex Water has +1 power vs Fire. \- The mana cost is how much it costs to play your card, it starts at 10 for the first round and increases as the rounds progress. Mana does not regenerate so build your hand according to the mana you have. \- The power determines how strong a card is at its job. There are 3 types of cards (Attack, Defense, Utility). \-Attack deal damage and can intercept other attack spells. Cards with average power. \-Defense spells block damage. Cards with high power. \-Utility spells have no power and only special effects. Special effects are usually weaker. \-Minions: They do not exist in this world. No summoning giant armies to crush opponents. A round consists of a battle phase and card swap phase. The players take on the role of either the defender or the attacker. Battle Phase 1. The Attacker plays down their card. 2. The Defender plays down their card. 3. Power Values are Compared. Ex. 3 power attack card vs 1 power attack card. Player 2 takes 2 damage and his card is destroyed. 4. Additional Effects of the non-destroyed cards are triggered. 5. Cards are removed from play. 6. Switch roles and repeat for 6 rounds (# of cards) 7. If for some reason a player cannot play any of the cards in their hands (bad planning or mana loss) they automatically play a 1 power missile card. Card Swap Phase 1. Players can choose to remove up to 2 cards from their hand. 2. Players can then choose to select new cards until they reach 6 cards (max hand size). 3. Players Recieve +2 Max Mana. **Win Condition:** Reduce the enemy player from 20 health to 0 health. **Story:** You and your opponent are kids living in a fantasy world. This card game is the most popular game around. It allows kids to pretend to be wizards and monsters. You and your opponent have challenged each other to a wizard duel. **Secondary Mechanics:** Rock Paper Scissors between elements and spell types. \- Fire &gt; Air &gt; Earth &gt; Water &gt; Fire \- Light &lt;&gt; Dark \- Arcane is neutral \- Attack &gt; Utility &gt; Defense (Defense spells have more power than attack spells but utility spells don't do direct damage) Elemental Chain Bonus. Ex. Cast x fire spells in a row for +1 power to fire spells **Advanced Features:** Campaign to collect cards by fighting monsters. Character Selection. ex Fire mages have +1 power with fire spells and -1 power for water spells.",1563927550
caq4u4,I need help coming up with a team game where it starts as a scavenger hunt and then the teams need to use the items they found to reach a certain goal. Example inside,,1562616205
cf4i34,Astronaut VR simulator,Get some sh\*t done outside in space on the ISS in VR first person.,1563521056
cbjg9k,Requesting ideas for a Reddit-based game,"Hi everyone! I’m a game dev looking to pick up a side project. Ultimately, I want to develop something that will help bring the Reddit community together and have fun. Here are the requirements for the game I’d like to develop: 1. Must be fully playable on Reddit 2. Must be multiplayer 3. Must be turn-based 4. Must be 100% text-based 5. Optional: Should ideally have a strong story One idea I had was a turn-based strategy game where people are grouped into squads that play each other. Any and all ideas are welcome. I’m also looking for anyone willing to contribute to the project.",1562778765
ccqrcv,Asteroids combined with tiny troopers/cannon fodder.,"Had this idea for ages but not a game developer (or have any real experience with coding). I’ll try and leave out as much of the story as possible and keep to the mechanics. It’s a 2D space shooter, exploration game with some crew micromanagement. The loop works as follows. 1. Choose a destination to warp to from a star map screen. 2. Warp to said location and clear the area of space from hostiles. This is a 2D, top down twin stick style shoot em up. 3. Exploration mode. Once the area is clear you can search the area that you’ve just been battling in for a place to land/dock as a means to search for fuel/resources. These will be assets that have been in the background all along (planets, moons, asteroids, space stations, derelict ships). 3i. You can now also look inside your ship to manage your crew, upgrade crew and ship. You can look at the star map here again as well. Where you place you crew will effect your ships stats during space battle mode. e.g. more crew in the weapons room means larger spread/bigger projectiles. More crew in engineering means faster recharging/better special attacks. Science bay increases shield power/reflect chance. Bridge crew increases dodge chance and provides better enemy scans. You can’t change crew around during combat (I think a point system to allow a time out, pause during battle to do this a few times could be implemented for strategy reasons, command points?) 4. Away mission. Your character and two-three crew members go to a location to find a fuel node to warp to the next sector and or resources to upgrade or recruit more crew. Again this is twin stick, top down like Tiny Troopers or Cannon Fodder style. The trick is to keep your crew alive, healthy. If they go down they can’t run your ship for the next battle. Locations are randomly generated. You could get lucky or not ala rogue like. Find a settlement to trade. Find a bunch of enemies or other weird stuff. 5. When done exploring and found the fuel you can go back to the ship and space map. I won’t go into how the map works as that would mean blabbing on about the story I’ve concocted which would take too long. If anyone is interested in the story though let me know and I’ll elaborate. That’s principally it, there parts I’m leaving out as I’m rambling enough as it is. Such as ship and crew upgrades or unlocking new ships and game modes. I think it’s a great idea and can’t stop dreaming about it so maybe if you guys tell me all the problems with it I may realise that it’s not that great idea after all and stop agonising over the fact that I’ll never get to make it. I think it seems simple but actually would be a nightmare to actually implement. Especially the random generation/rogue like elements.",1563032753
cajtgw,Oppinion on work in progress...,,1562585081
cl279r,[request]Need idea for mini games,"Looking for mini games similar to wario ware. Some background:  I plan on making a mobile Fantasy RPG semi-text Game (yeah that's a mouthful). To picture it in your head, imagine a classic fantasy role playing book (i.e. Forest of Doom) but instead of rolling dice for fights, you are initiated into a unique mini game. As well as text, there will be a map which slowly unravels as you travel it. Things you can utilize: Gyroscope Microphone (i.e. speaking words into the mic) Touch screen Camera Physics And anything else you might think of... Some potential ideas I have: -Memorization games where you have to click the correct squares in a 6*6 grid -Fruit ninja but with different items -Vase balancing utilizing Gyroscope -Stationary 360 view utilizing Gyroscope to fend off enemies -Sword fighting by dragging your finger on the screen(I.e. blades if you have managed to play that game) -Telling enemies to go away utilizing the speaker Any and all games, tips, advice, inspiration, what you might like to see, etc. are greatly appreciated!",1564740797
cj0wlq,Horror game idea,"I've been thinking about making a game where you basically have a bunch of different rooms, with different things inside and different outcomes depending which room you decide to go. ( Basically escape rooms with riddles etc which you need to solve to enter the next one) just can't figure out some sort of storyline and how would I implement some psychological horror elements into it? And overall does it sound like an interesting idea worth to make?",1564345532
cijzla,How do you come up with your game ideas?,"Simply put, what are the methods that you use, and could I potentially use them?",1564247089
cg5bgy,I want to make a parkour race multiplayer game,"I have this idea for a game where you and 3 others race to a finish line but the catch is, you all have extreme parkouring abilities, making it more difficult to just win with speed, you can win with technique as well. I have ideas for some of the abilities such as a grappling hook and wall jumping but I don’t know what else would be nice to add. If anyone else has any other ideas that you think would be good additions to this game let me know!",1563749860
ci434c,Thoughts on a Moon Survival Game,A survival bases game where you have to survive as long as you can on the moon with lower gravity so you can jump and float and you have to build a new civilisation on the moon. You start with limited gear just enough stuff to survive a couple of days and every day you get a care package that gives you a little amount of stuff and you must use you starting gear and the care packages wisely to survive and make the moon liveable for people.,1564153929
cha0qn,Fantasy Game (possibly open world) where you need to save former friends,"So, you were an average member of a classic five-man-band, but the band tragically kicked you out years ago (dev can choose why). Now you figured out that your former friends, in a bid for magical power, have been fused with dark spirits corresponding to each season. By fused, I mean that the spirits take priority, but their motives, personalities, looks, and powers have fused with their vessels'. Now you want to save them but you're not nearly strong enough. So, you fuse with the spirits of night and day to get the magical power you need. The unfortunate part of this deal is that the season changes each time you sleep (dev can find a way to make this mandatory, I dunno). This means that you'll constantly have to be fighting new enemies, finding different treasures, and dealing with different environmental conditions. Your powers would be based on night and day, though I'm not sure how. Maybe lasers from the sun or something. lol Perhaps the game could end on an ominous note with the spirits taking over your body and your friends now needing to rescue you. There's a lot a developer could do with this idea, and I think it's a good base for a game full of cool story and mechanics. Now go, brave adventurer! Save your former friends from the wrath of the seasons!",1563983923
ckvxox,DungeonCrawler/DungeonKeeper/Builder ?," Hey guys, i recently bought iratus lord of the dead, and i expected the player to build a dungeon and riddle it with traps to face enemies. Turns out it's more like a dungeon crawler. Do you know of any games that alternate between : Dungeon crawl, and THEN occupy the same (or another map) for a time, then move to another dungeon. I thought it would be cool. Like a conquest game, where you have to move constantly. You conquer a dungeon, you lick your wounds, repel assaillants, perform whatever ritual or shit in it, then rince and repeat. You would control a team of characters with different skills/classes. Some heroes would be stronger in the conquest phase, while others would be stronger in the occupy phase, like tricksters who would set traps etc. What do you think about that idea ? I would love to hear your feedback.",1564701297
cjkf0a,What do you think of this?,"A game where you are a cashier and you have to scan and bag items with increasing problems such as the scanner not working,customers throwing stuff everywhere, rapid sales, and managers angry you let money walk out the door? The main features would be putting the item past a scanner and putting them in bags. You also have to manually override the scanner, look up some items, and apply discounts. I’m not sure if you would actually talk to the customers yet. The main objective would be to make sure everything gets scanned and bagged with each purchase giving you more points to level up, less points if you screwed up. At the end of the day you get paid $100 to start but as you get promoted you get paid slightly more and more. But for every, say 5%, off of the correct total you were at the end of the day you get docked 10 dollars pay?",1564448720
c933kw,A horror game were you can explore a nightmarish utopia and fight ungodly creatures,"STORY - You play as David, a grumpy business man who got into a near-death car accident, after being taking into the hospital unconscious, you enter a world that is much worse than hell itself; The Nightmare Realm. you are then greeted by a mischievous stickman who calls himself ""The Nightmare Imp"", he tells you that if you die in this world, you will die in reality as well. your main goal is to escape, but it won't be easy when twisted monsters will attack, you only have two options; Fight or Die. you can explore many places as much as you want, you can kill many enemies, and you can meet NPCs you can talk to (try not to piss them off though). and yes, there will be a story mode to this game. the game itself will both have horror and cartoon, meaning that the game will have dark humour. I don't know what the game's title will be, so if you guys have any suggestions, I'll love to hear them, and I will update this when I get more ideas.",1562249835
cfmqjp,"Be a Guardian spirit, create a dynasty","So it's basically a God type game but with a big focus on chance, resource management and long time strategy. You play as the Guardian spirit of a small family, expending spirit points to guide your family members along the most profitable paths in life. If successful, they may acquire skills and boons, have talented offspring and even perform great feats of bravery, piety, science or craftsmanship, adding to the renown of your dynasty. When they die, you can opt to enter them into your spiritual Council of forefathers, where they may give you special abilities that give you more options as you progress. The goal of the game is to create a new dynasty as great as the Plantagenets or Ptolemaians. In order to reach this goal, you will have to plan ahead for any occurrence. Chance plays a big part in this game, as it does in real life. Offspring are born with random strengths and weaknesses, but you can spend spirit points to influence the outcome somewhat. Your most valuable living family member may die in a battle, or be permanently weakened by a pestilence, unless you have a stash of spirit points available for a miraculous cure. On the other hand, those points may be better spent on improving the childhood of the promising offspring? You don't get to decide who your descendants fall in love and mate with. You may end up having bastards in the family. But some of those bastards may be born with very rare and useful personality traits. You may decide to go for the ""scenic route"" for a generation or so, spending all your actions on a single individual and creating a really interesting personal story while the rest of the family just goes about its business. Finally, you may decide that the dynasty you've been working on is not the one for you. Therefore you can always start a ""New game+"" using any one of your currently living offspring, marking them as the founder of an entirely new Dynasty, and from the point where they die, your Guardian spirit changes to that person, gaining new skills and traits in the process. So that's the game idea. There's a whole bunch of wrinkles to iron out, like deciding on the level of complexity, how important chance is, the level of time progression (I have this idea that you can either ""zoom in"" on a person and have time progress slower, or ""zoom out"" to see and influence more of the family tree, but then time progresses much quicker) and so on. Still, it's been a fun concept that's been cooking in my head for a while so I thought I should share it.",1563634901
cl8x0s,wilderness royale,"a twist on the battle royale where you have to forage and craft in a untamed wilderness, pitted against other survivors, do must use brute strength or cunning, run away and plant traps, shoot people with hand crafted bows, eat and drink from what you find, areas outside the safe zone becomes a desolate wasteland filled with monsters, and inside is a mix of jungles, forests, and mountains, outlive your oppenent, or put the fate of death into your own hands, wilderness royale.",1564775127
ckgxfi,Time Travel Correction Agency,"In the far distant future, time travel is not only possible, but policed. Many criminal organizations have sent their own back in time to ensure that their family/group comes out on top, others go back in effort to save certain people from death, and some will use the tours to steal from the past in order to make themselves rich in the future. You are a correction agent. You were hired before time travel was policed, but at a point where your absence wouldn't upset events. Your job is to correct the mistakes in the past made by the future. You have a wrist band that acts like a watch, but is your method of travel as well as a guide for your assignment. You also have two weapons, one for stunning people, and the other for killing - both of which alter in appearance depending on the time you're in. Your outfit is specially made to withstand anything from the past and the future, but you are not invulnerable, and like your weapons, it too alters your appearance to fit the time line. How do you go about correcting the past? First you have to go to the scene of the Crime after the crime was discovered. Your wristband will tell you what should have been and what is instead - basically a history lesson, and then tell you what has changed. If it was theft, then you either go back a little further and try to stop the theft from happening OR you scan the tour database to pinpoint who was in the tour, go to their future, arrest the culprit, reacquire the item, then place it back shortly after the theft. In terms of murder or altering a person's fate, it can be tricky. If murder, the body must be examined since the method used will pinpoint how and possibly when, then go back further before the murder and either capture the culprit alive or kill them. If a person was saved, then you have to choose whether to go back before the person was saved, or kill the person yourself after the person was saved. Your judgement is tracked, but the agency let's you decide. Not everything needs to be corrected. If the change in time is very minimal, then you can choose whether or not to correct it. If the change causes a paradox, then your judgement can either fix it or make it worse. Ultimately you decide. What happens if an agent meets their self? The agent has two choices, avoid the meeting entirely or risk a paradox to get help. Are you paid? Yes. You are paid for your services. However it is dependent on your performance and judgement in the field, all of which is tracked by your wristband. At the end of every assignment, you report back to the agency, give a full report, and depending on how satisfactory you did, is how much you are paid. I'll stop there. Good idea?",1564619449
cjiqtf,"First person horror game that plays halfway on earth, other half in... space.","Project, Blackhole. That’s what I call it. I will shortly explain here what it is about, and after that sentence I’ll probably explain it in more details, so this is a TLDR thing. You hate life, because of certain events you feel suicidal, only thing you truly love is space, you always loved everything about it, one day (start of match) you hear a newsreport about a ‘strange’ object found near you, in a well, scientist think that it is a small blackhole that contaminated earth. The adventure starts here, first part of horror game is where the invasions happen, there seems to be no signs of life anymore, but a large blackhole appeared far away from you which spits out random stuff, even creatures, which only want to kill you. You eventually end up in a blackhole yourself, and you end up in a weird island, it seems like a.... skyblock. Your adventure starts there. ^ that was a short description of how the story and gameplay might look like, now let’s get into the gameplay mechanics. To begin, the movenent system will be similar to outlast/amnesia. You will have random ‘lightsources’ throughout the universe, and ofcourse, you will have the known ‘limited use’ ones aswell. Once you ‘get out’ if the earth, you end up on the island, it’s a beautiful island that’s not to small nor too big, it will have some beautiful visuals, because come in, it’s in fucking space! You will have a (strange) day&amp;night cycle, you will have some small locations you can discover there, but to combine all of this, this island will be your main hub. You will find a Temple/ancient/shrine looking like huge round golden template, with 4 pillar around it, each having its own thing. Each pillar refers to a mythical god, and will let you play on its respective zone. One will be Gaia/danu, if you enter danu/gaia’s portal, you will randomly wake up in a huge jungle that ‘slightly’ looks like a jungle, but doesn’t at the same time, it isn’t ‘earth’ after all, you will have to survive and solve puzzles, avoid contact with possible enemies, and find your way out, to understand what your mission is, the end location of the jungle zone will be in a huge temple, with loads of secrets and dangers, but once you reach the ‘prize’ you’re all in, a decent to small sizedfully golden Gaia/danu statue, the moment you pick it up, you will feel weird and go back to the ‘hub’ like you did the first time, you carefully place the statue on its respective pillar, and things change. The next portal opens up, neptunes, this so far will be the scariest and most ambitious, We barely can imagine what type of sea creature lives in marian trench, let alone on a whole planet that’s way bigger than earth. The way I think about this horror game is that I can do so many things, if I’d want to I can make a sunflower that actually has a face which will kill you, all of it is a possability because again, it’s not on earth. Funny thing would be by making the ‘last planet’ you visit being the moon. What? The moon??? What’s scary about that? What isn’t? You’re on this rock, it’s silent, you don’t see anything, up untill you approach this random bunker.",1564440337
cirvbs,"A party, semi turn-based roguelike: enemies move in slowmo when you're static, they move faster when you move","2d pixel art dungeon crawler. You control the hero and you can convert NPCs to play for you as well. It's ""semi"" turn-based (maybe semi is not the right word but couldn't find any other better) in the sense that when your hero remains static, enemies move but very slowly. The closer the enemies get to your hero, the faster they start to move gradually putting you some pressure. When you move, game's speed goes back to normal. When you stop again, enemies start to move in slowmo again. So: similar to Superhot, but roguelike and you control a party not a single hero.",1564290066
c8xc1z,Simple survey to help me with your opinions,"Hello, I don't know if how many gamers and developers are available here but as it's related to game ideas your opinions would help us too much. We are developing a game and we need your help to collect a few basic pieces of information from gamers about MMO games, kindly fill this survey and help the development team with your opinions. Also, share it with your friends! Thanks [https://forms.gle/m7p8uusF9R1G9s2y6](https://forms.gle/m7p8uusF9R1G9s2y6)",1562209232
c9wtj1,"""Ettin""","Hello. So the concept of this game is it's a multiplayer game that can be 2( to 4) players all controlling a body. One body. For the 2 player original concept you are a Ettin, a two headed ginat, hence the name of the game. Now how a Afton in usual culture works is one of the heads controls that side of the body, I hope you see where I'm going with this. So for two players on a console, one of the joysticks control and swing the arm\leg of that players side of the body, and the other one controls give versa. Buttons thrust both of the certain players limbs in a direction, so, you can technically jump by coordinating with the other player. I hope I explained the controls throughly. For the story of the game, the Ettin is going hunting near his home at the top of the mountain, until a rockslide sends him all the way down the mountain. The players try to get all the way up the mountain back to the Ettin's home. I want it to be like Getting Over It in the sense that you fall down the mountain, but you get back up again using the same paths. I want the game to be difficult. Any questions I am willing to answer.",1562437465
c9jqhq,Health in games,What are some unique ways to show how much health a character has in a game?,1562353098
cgwcut,Why don't kart racers have a jump button?,"If we're going for crazy video game kart racing where we can shoot fireworks and turtle shells at 100 miles per hour, why not have a jump button? Or a button that tilts the vehicle on its side? Or a button that supersized the wheels? Or something that will let us dodge that ricocheting missile? Or push a button that lets our driver stand on top of his or her car and kick the missile away. There's a firework coming your way!! Whoop. I jumped it. Instead of, nah I'll let you eat my missile.",1563906166
cg8w80,A.R.Ms (Armored Core like game),"Just in case: This is NOT an MMO. It does lead to multiplayer, but starts as a singleplayer game. Okay, to start, this is another dream I had, but I only recently remembered it - maybe a decade old. Like Armored Core, the world is rules by corporations, all of which provide for their employees to ensure they work as efficiently as possible. Unlike Armored Core, the surface of the world is still habitable. I use to know what ARMs stands for, but it's been so long that I dunno. But what I do know is that it's to do with a world wide game involving an arm band that all the contestants use. These arm bands are however not just a simple piece of armor or clothing, it's a device that holds all the parts, designs, functions, weapon systems, and software for their massive suits. They were used in a world war that almost brought the world to the brink of death. For some backstory - this war of course was between all the nations governments of the world. Some of the weakest nations were decimated to nothing by the stronger nations, and a few of the stronger nations were barely holding everything together. This world war lasted roughly 70 years, and eventually the citizens of every government around the world became so fed up that there were world wide uprisings. All of the world's governments within a few months were gone, the leaders forcefully removed (many were killed, others gave up and were imprisoned) - to the citizens, this war had been lost the day it began. Eventually, about 20 years, powerful corporations without the oversight if governments, began to take control of various parts of the world. People began to think another war was gonna break out and it would be the end of humanity. Instead, they all agreed to a world wide game involving technology used during the wars; The ARMs. It wouldn't be over resources, but simply competition between corporations and all of the world would get to watch it. But later, people started to want to join in on the competitions, and it became what it is today. So, here are the rules: Every corporation adds a certain amount of money to the Winners pool - there are 400+ corporations, and all of them put in 100,000 credits. The money is divided for each type of game - Tournament, Battle Royale, Lord of ARMs, Registration War, and Corporate League. Battle Royale: 10 contestants, 1 winner. Tournament: A series of 1 v 1 battles, 6 tiers leading to the final, tiers 3 to 1 are guaranteed credit prizes (3rd gets the lowest amount, 2nd gets a moderate amount, and 1st gets a large amount), and of course the one that wins to the end gets the biggest amount. Lord of ARMs: Non-corporate contestants only. 5 of the best fighters from 6 zones of the world battle it out similar to BR, the winner of each zone is then brought to the current Lord of ARMs home arena, the winner of that battle gets to fight the current Lord of ARMs and if they win, become the new Lord of ARMs. Registration War: This is a initiation BR. 30 to 50 newcomers are randomly selected to compete. There are 10 seats at the end. Basically if you're one of the last 10, you're guaranteed acceptance and allowed to play any of the games, excluding Corporate League (unless your home corporation decides to sponsor you). The Winner is given a credit prize for being the last standing. All those who were defeated from 11th place and earlier will have to wait 3 years and try again. Those that weren't selected this year are guaranteed a spot next year (assuming they want to try again). Corporate League: This is more like a sports league, and is only fought between all the corporations top 3 fighters. It is a competition that can take years to finish. Eventually, someone with the most consecutive wins will get to challenge the current Champion of ARMs. The prize is to live a life of complete luxury where ever he/she pleases, but will have to defend that title when someone comes along to claim it at the end of the next Corporate League. There are various other rules, but I'll stop there. For the ARMs devices, in short it is a device that can fit on the pilot's right arm. Once the pilot inputs there PIN and says ""ARM Assemble"", a massive suit starts materializing from the arm band, and can reach the height of a skyscraper. I personally don't know the science behind it as it is from a dream, but if you want to make a realistic/plausible explanation of how that is possible, go for it. If you want the idea, go ahead and take it. The rest of the design for the game is up to you.",1563771702
ck7qd1,Need a small experimental multiplayer browser idea,,1564575469
cf7qac,Looking for some fellow game devs!,"Hi r/gameideas! Hope you're all having a good day/evening. I'm looking for some passionate devs to help me out making a game. We need programmers and sprite designers. &amp;#x200B; Anyone who would like to join would be greatly appreciated, if you're interested shoot me a DM or leave a comment. &amp;#x200B; Thanks",1563543860
cdi632,Amazing eye-catching title,"An adventure, top-down medieval fantasy game with classes (The archetypical fantasy classes such as ""warrior"", ""sorcerer"", ""rogue"" etc.) The premise is that, an adventurer finds a magic gem containing the mind of a trapped, evil god (you) and gets possesed by said god; turning him/her into your first protagonist. Along the game you build a party of characters with different classes (That you either hire or recruit after completing side-quests for them). Upon death of your protagonist, the gem teleports to a different character and posseses it; allowing you to control a new host and carry on your adventure. Different characters of course have different classes, so everytime you die you would have to change your playstyle. Also, characters could have their own pros and cons (For example, a warrior that attacks faster than average but has inmense debt for which he is prosecuted, or a sorcerer with a bigger mana pool but moves slower than normal because of his age). Also, the NPCs on your party could decide to turn against you if you act immorally, or run away in fear when faced with intimidating monsters or a numerous opposition; so moral and courage stats would also be an important factor when recruiting your future hosts. The final goal of the game would be to collect the pieces of a broken sword/helm/any other McGuffing that would allow the evil god to canalize his full power through his mortal host, and destroy or rule the world. As you progress through the game collecting these broken pieces, new and more powerful monsters would start appaearing to attack you and your party, attracted by the strong magical force of the artifact you are reconstructing. A very simple inventory system could be incorporated, giving the capacity to equip you and other party members with different swords, staffs, armor, potions, etc.",1563201087
cj4ua9,How can we make space travel time more interesting in a space sim?,"Im working on a space sim for vr devices, and im trying to figure out how to make ""jumping"" or traveling between systems more interesting. I'm a fan of Elite Dangerous, but traveling long distances its pretty boring, you just jump between stars over and over. At the same time, I dont like the idea of you just getting instantly to long starts, i want it to take some time but not be boring. &amp;#x200B; Here are some of the ideas i have come with: Option 1: You travel really fast, and you have to steer your ship during the whole journey, so you dont crash with planets or stars (kinda irrealistic since space its so big and most of it is empty) Option 2: You ship components star deteriorating the longer you have your ""warp"" engine active, so you have to make repairs in fligth, or stop at some point and go to a ""shop"" to repair your systems. Option 3: Option 1 and option 2 combined Option 4: Please post your ideas! Sorry for bad english btw, not my primary language!",1564365892
cjvtsx,"Amorte Capital - Game/RPG idea, what you think?","* **Keeping things clear:** I'm full aware that this idea is just too complex to be made, but I'm post here so you can use this idea in anyway you want, I will just show the ""basis"" of the idea/story and you can choose wich way you want to use it. You think that would be better without magic? Good, do it. Would be better if it was set in a Cyberpunk scenario? Them change it at your will. You will make this your next D&amp;D adventure? A board game? A 2D game? A point &amp; click game? Do as you please. &amp;#x200B; * **Scenario:** The game is set in the **Amorte Capital**, the heart of a bureaucratic nation that initially foccused in magic researchs and weaponry development, leding them to the creation of a serum that allowed their soldiers to be temporarily immortals, and so, ascending as kings of the world. Years after the ascension of this nation, the magic research &amp; development increased absurdly, and therefore, your use aswell. Once reserved only for the wizards, alchemists and soldiers, the powerfull spells are now being spread and used to the maintenance and leisure of society. ^(we live in a society) However, the same magic that can construct buildings in minutes can be (in the hands of a skilled wizard) used to throw tons of debris all over the city. It's no surprised that **any use of magic** by an **unauthorized** professional is **punishable by death.** ^((or just some years in prison).) Autorized professional may include: Soldiers, Cops, Engineers, Medics, Alchemists etc. But, as you may guess: just because it's ilegal, doens't mean it will prevent people from doing it. &amp;#x200B; * **Setting and gameplay:** The players could choose between **Cops** or **Outlaws**. Cops can become **Dirty** and Outlaws can become **Punshiers**. My initial intention for this idea was creating a *micro functional society* (as I've said before: is too complex to be practical in a MMO or anything like that, it's **just an idea**), and as such, Outlaws could start in various different ways, initially playing like a citizen while discreetly upgrading their power, be a illegal merchant in the black market or just go ape shit and kill everyone in their path. And as micro functional society, depending on their actions, they would get people's attention and they would start spreading rumors or call the Cops. Obviously, there will be a delay in the reaction of the cops, because that is the intention, as in real life this is also the case. They may not always arrive in time to save lives. And with that, it would allow the Outlaws to prepare for the fight against the police in a more strategic way, changing the building/street in their favor. If it does happen, Cop players could call other cops in radio and prepare a squad to invade the local and arrest/kill the Outlaws, or go ape shit and go alone. Of course, there are consequences for thoughtless actions: if the outlaw makes a hostage and kills him by accident, he can be arrested or scape and become a Dirty cop. Dirty cops can act to favor themselves, stealing money, hand out illegal magic spelss, erasing evidence, and so on. Punishers, on the other hand, would be Outlaws who, despite being criminals, help society by killing Outlaws or simply avoiding any kind of death. ""I'm a thief, not a murder"" kind of thing. As I've said, there's a temporary immortality serum that cops receive, however, **just because you can't die, doens't mean you're ivencible**. You can be knocked off and captured to be sold in the black market, or even drag them to a illegal Alchemist to extract the temporary immortality serum from their body. Whenever you use this mechanic, I think it would be cool if your players had to make endurance tests (or any kind of game mechanic like that), allowing a gameplay were they must fight for they consciouness, trying to avoid a destiny worst than death. Inserting Outlaws groups that makes traps for cops in old buildings or such, where they beat them up with batons until they can't fight back because of the excruciating pain and then selling the Cop yet alive to whatever dark porpuses they clients have would increase players caution or thriller. The temporary immortality serum (**TIS**?) is a valuable item for Cops and Outlaws, it can avoid your character death (and itens/gold loss) or be a game changer in the fights. Since no one dies, it will let players to be more reckless, in this way it would be possible to create territories or gangs, making agreements between themselves (other outlaws of Dirty cops) in order to take certain parts of the city. The less guarded would be easier to take, and the most disputed among small gangs, while larger and more guarded territories would need a large network of control and corruption to exist to let it's place to be taken. What would define a ""taken"" territory would be how often police officers can get in there without being killed, but such abruptly taken territory would draw public attention and constant police invasions would take place. In terms of prisons and deaths, I think it would be more interesting if at least their characters were to serve the actual prison time. Sentenced to 20 years? It will be 20 years! This would happen if you don't try to scape prison, or create another character. And deaths... Well, there's a Temporary Immortality Serum, doens't? heh &amp;#x200B; * **Micro Society:** Well, as a micro functional society, I thought in a ""public morality system"", whenever a Cop, a Dirty Cop, a Outlaw or a Punisher does something in public or is saw by citizens doing it (doing it in the middle of day is just asking to be saw), they will spread rumors. After X time (a mounth or after every RPG D&amp;D session) a bar of ""Faith"" will show up. If Dirty Cops fuck up things too much or proceeds to go unpunished, the Citizens will lost their faith in all Cops, and depending on how much lower is the bar, they will even attack them on sight. If population hates cops, cops lost money, are fired or arrested. If the Faith bar is high on the Outlaws/Punishers side, they will start protesting in their favor, and even demanding more lenient laws regarding magic, or if it is **really** high, will start ordering the government to release outlaws/punishers from their prision. Now, if the bar is **too low** in **both** sides, the Citizens will start to rebel against the government, attacking Cops and Outlaws and even starting a civil war. Both sides will start to lost their temporary immortality serum supplies from the government and it will be terrible for the black market in every way. Now, regarding politicians gameplay, in this case, is intended to be controlled by the mobile app on phones, but in a simple interface, where you would control your actions and the way you exercise them. For example: politician ""someone"" makes a decree using a more aggressive speech against Outlaws, the population likes and is approved. Boss of department uses aggressive sermons against honest cops and pretends to blind with Dirty cops. The intention is that this mechanics would be complementary to the gameplay, playing while the mobile phone is next to you, the player could use the politician for his own benefit or for the benefit of this society. And finally, the hard part: **defining what the incentive would be**. *""Incentive to what?""* The incentive to keep society working, of course. What is your incentive to not walk around with a knife, killing everyone in your path? The consequences, of course, but also the benefits. Being a normal person allows you to not be persecuted and killed by a nation and enjoy its benefits: health, education, food, etc. (the way I'm talking I look like an anarchist lol). And in the same way it would be ideal for this game. The first idea that comes to mind, to serve as an ""incentive"", would be loot (items, cosmetics etc), but loot is limited and expensive to produce all the time, and once you get what you want, there is no reason to keep obeying. If it were money at stake, how would the game stand? Being pay to play? But how would servers sustain themselves in the long run? If you were able to pay by cash, why would you obey boring orders all the time if you can go ape shit while you get what you want anyway? My idea, as annoying as it sounds, would be monthly subscription. You would pay a small amount per month and could enjoy all that the game has to offer. But the incentive within the game to keep society working, would be exactly ""gold"". No, your weekly subscription would not change your amount of gold, but it would be used to buy anything inside the game. Be it cosmetics, items, companions etc. But the same gold that would be used to buy your items would be the same gold your character would spend to pay the house bills. You, your character, would be paid for your work or service and would have to spend to survive. I know it sounds like a pretty boring mechanic, but it would be essential, after all, what would be the incentive for a cop to not commit crimes? ""Well, just commit crimes then!"" But would it really make up? You would earn ""easy"" money, but you would be chained to your crimes and the criminals you helped or received help from. I also thought about adding competitiveness, for example, *""you, 'someone' won't be decorated for colonel, because you were a Dirty Cop and used your political friends to rank up more easily, now you will be send to court and then to prison!"".* This would encourage players not to commit crimes for fear of being caught and trying to be fair in order to win.",1564510999
ckrde8,Cellular company simulator.,"Looking to see if there is a game where you start out a small cellular company and have to expand your servers and build cell towers and launch satellites to get higher coverage? There could/ is a system in which you research new technology such as 2g 3g 4g and 5g. So to put it into layman's terms, an O2/ EE / Vodafone simulator.",1564680133
cfajzy,"Minimum - game where you level up by buying moves (combat mechanics) by paying for them with presentation fidelity (graphics quality, texture resolution, etc...)","This is just a sketch of a core idea to create a design from, but I kinda like it and would be interested in feedback and more ideas to flesh it out, so there it is, please provide, if you deem it worthy, thank you :) &amp;#x200B; Let's say it would be a first person/third person action game (think zelda: botd / hawken / revengeance width and depth of moveset and combat system). You start with a hi-fi visuals, AAA graphics and shaders, all the music and free camera, all the beautiful bells and whistles. But only with the most basic part of the moveset. Say, slowest movement and a single, light, non-comboing attack. &amp;#x200B; At the next level-up, you would get a choice to buy dodge/heavy attack/+1 combo chain to light attack, by paying for it with your high quality shaders (they would downgrade to medium), or high quality textures (again, they would downgrade to medium), or any other appropriately ""valuable"" element of the visual/audio shiny of the game. &amp;#x200B; This is how the progression system would work. You start with no moveset and a beautiful detailed game, you end with a powerful character with rich, complex and powerful moveset, and rich intriguing complex combat system, and a game which has the most basic and minimalistic visuals it can get away with. &amp;#x200B; So, that's the sketch of a single core idea to grow a design from. Feedback, suggestions, additional ideas inspired by this seed, anyone? :)",1563557781
cft2g4,Time loop: A tale of Time travel,"In Time loop, It has stealth and spotted combat. LT for attack in console. Left Click for attack on PC. However, your weaker in spotted combat than stealth combat. and let's just say if you kill a guard with stealth, the another will spot you. You can time loop if you get spotted. You go to your position 10 seconds ago. But another of you is where you were 5 seconds before the time loop. Your doppelganger does what you did from 5 seconds before-You time looping. Your free to stealth kill the guard , looking confused at his partners body, and progress. RT to time loop on console. Right click for time loop on PC. You move with Left anolog stick and with Right anolog stick on console. You move with WASD and look by moving mouse in PC. &amp;#x200B; The game is centered around you time looping to get yourself out of situations. HOWEVER, if you get noticed by your past time loop self, you crumble and fall and turn into dust. Then for Your death screen instead of saying ""DEATH"", it says in giant letters &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; PARADOX &amp;#x200B; Showing that you caused a time paradox. After the screen fades to black, it goes back to the past doppelganger and you play as them. &amp;#x200B; That is Time Loop: A Tale of Time Travel.",1563669420
cjc3pp,Need opinion on my game that Im currently working on.,"Hey folks, I need your help. Im currently working on politician game where you accept laws and policies and you are trying to make great state and happy people. Most similar game is Reigns. I was thinking about a game style a lot of time. I decided it will be card game. Opinion? Questions? Collaboration?",1564411160
cho32j,Video game with a plot centered around climate change,I've always wanted a video game with a plot that centers on climate change. There aren't many and even fewer that depict the consequences of climate change realistically.,1564063503
ca9zg8,Need help for a short project,I have networking functionality and everything implemented for server browsing and fully working multiplayer but I just have no idea what kind of game to make. I want to make it in a couple days just to test with my friend (pretty comfortable in UE4) and wanted some ideas on a fun multiplayer experience that isn’t super complex that we can enjoy together,1562523514
cin8pz,A life simulator game,"This would be a game in which real life would be simulated as best as possible. The map would include the whole entire world and could possibly be made via Google Maps. Everything you do in real life could be done in this game. You would have a hunger meter and would have to eat. You would also have thirst meter and must drink enough water to become hydrated. To get between different regions of the map, you could fly, drive, or take a boat. You would also have to work and the jobs available would be any job that is available in real life.",1564263074
cdub4b,Raid Royals,"A game mode with limited ammo and armor, 36-60 players in a server in a long dungeon or world with a central boss. The objective is to fight through hordes of pawns to reach a central boss and defeat it. The twist is, only one person can win. Players have to work together to defeat a highly challenging and relentless horde with limited available gear with the objective to defeat a final boss in the knowledge only one player wins. In the event of the boss being defeated loot is spawned and the remaining players must quickly don as much gear and potions as they can and duke it out. Whether or not the boss is defeated one player is left and therefore declared winner if all other players are dead. In order to keep players moving forward the circle should be ever closing to fight that final boss. To make it be successful if the NPCs were tough and relentless and plentiful enough forcing the players to work together to a certain degree it would make the idea and awareness of their imminent betrayal that much more tense, a sense of look over your shoulder because only one can win while also being encouraged to use team work. I like also the idea of including a daily puzzle that players have to solve under pressure from the horde in order to progress stages Friendly fire should be enabled to have that need for carefulness when performing AoE attacks. Hidden lore throughout the dungeon and Easter eggs for players able to successfully navigate and get more points",1563265728
cc19f0,Tips on improving the PvP element?,"This takes place in a world where magic is very prominent. There are no guns, only melee weapons/bows/magic making for tough hand-to-hand combat. There are 8 playable races (giant various mammal/humans, various bird/humans, various elemental gnomes, various reptile or amphibian/humans, fox/humans, various types of mermaids, cat/humans, and regular humans for sh\*ts and giggles). &amp;#x200B; There are 10 arenas, all of them are the same size and shape and make up the bottom floors of the tower. The arenas themselves are two mile wide mirrored salt flats surrounded by an obsidian wall. The whole arena uses a type of rare mirage magic that creates the field and changes the field granting 1 advantage and 1 disadvantage for each opponent. The terrain of the field takes on up to 4 of the following: open forest, dense forest, dense city, crumbling city, riverbed, tundra, desert, craggy canyon, grassy plains, ancient ruins, basalt causeway,sandy beach, lagoon, deep lake, dense fog, rock-quarry basin, hedge maze, stone maze, lava pits, poisonous tar pits, swamp, flowery field, windy outcropping, briar woods, and more... &amp;#x200B; \-Rankings are very simple: 	\- Each match is 1v1 	\- Contestants are against either the one who signed up before or after them. \*excluding the top 100\* 	\- If the matchmaking is too one-sided, there will be an immediate ""opt-out"" for the lower ranked fighter. If that fighter does opt-out, they do not lose any points and the other gains none. This only happens if there is more than 50 ranks between the two fighters. If the lower fighter chooses not to opt-out, and they win, points added to their total are doubled, or tripled based on the overall match. 	\- Each match is up to 20 minutes long 	\- There is no limit to weapons, magic, or other items used. ALL IS FAIR GAME! 	\- Points are awarded as such-  \- 1pt - Any appendage hit  \- 2pts- Any non-lethal body hit  \- 3pts- Any non-lethal head-shot  \- 5pts- Any lethal body hit  \- 10pts- Kill the opponent whose health was under 20% during final blow  \- 20pts- Kill the opponent whose health was between 20%-50% during final blow  \- 50pts- Kill the opponent whose health was over 50% during final blow 	\- Based on the points received during a match, the winners points are added to the winners total. This total is representative of their rank, and the higher the fighters rank, the better the rewards. Also, when a match results in a loss for a fighter, all points awarded are taken from the loser's total.  \- Take for instance: A match between a rank 145 opponent and a 137 opponent that ends with a 10-4 win in favor of the 137, 10 points are added to the 137 to equal 147 for a new rank of 147. For the 145 opponent, 4 points + 10 points are taken from the 145 to equal 131 and a new rank of 131.  \- Evenly matched fights can have worse repercussions for the loser.... 	\- THERE ARE NO DRAWS!!! 	\- If a fighter forfeits a match after accepting the fight invitation, a set 20 points will be deducted from their rank. The opponents rank will remain unchanged. 	\-Only the top 100 fighters fight based on rank to keep their standing, and can only be challenged by the top 110 players for rank. \-The top 110 players must request to challenge someone above 100. The recipient of the request has 48hrs to respond or a set 50 points will be deducted from their rank. \-A player in the top 100 must agree to at least one match every 30 days, and cannot decline more than 3 in that same time period. Each time a player accepts the request, the 30 day period is reset. If a player receives more than 3 requests within their 30 day window, and has already declined 3 of them, the 4th request is automatically accepted and the player being requested must show up within 48hrs or lose all standing and their rank is reset to 0.",1562878833
cc2tlk,Idea for an MMO,"For years I have had an MMO concept stuck in my head that could have potential. The biggest ""MMO WoW' has stayed at the top for many reasons from aesthetics to gameplay and at this point nostalgia from players who just want to finish. Another Rival Final Fantasy 14 had potential but lacks many features that made wow &amp;#x200B; My game concept would be focused around dreams with nightmares and dreamers both fighting each other while a Void or nothingness starts to take over forcing both sides while still at war to fight back against the nothing. * Both sides would be able to do stuff together and still be against eachother. * Players would be able to make their own dreams/nightmares (Dungeons/Raids) so other players could do them. * decades of concepts could be used to create unique worlds or atmospheres unique to each players taste. (Noir, Rock, medieval, futuristic, sci-fi).",1562886600
c9iw69,Wagering on Memes,"Hey All, A friend and I are working on a meme wagering game. We want to make it fun and rewarding to speculate on the popularity of memes. I've pasted a link to a video of our prototype below. The basic premise is there are battles between two memes that share the same theme or format. During the battle time, everybody votes by staking a platform currency on one of the memes. When the battle time is up the amount staked on each meme is revealed and the meme with the most currency staked on it is declared the winner. The currency bet on the losing side is then distributed to the winners (proportional to their stake). What do you all think? If you’d like to try it out and give feedback shoot me a PM. https://www.dropbox.com/s/6el1q2l46rbywbb/Meme\_game\_preview.mov?dl=0",1562348809
cctnpj,Opinion on work in progress...,,1563047679
cdn895,SuperHero City Tycoon,"Would love a super hero city builder game, like skylines, simcity mechanics but is also the home to superheroes who defend your city against (villains, disasters, etc)",1563223648
cc975r,Portal-like ideas,I would like to get ideas for games like portal. Puzzle games with simple graphics and an intersting setting. A simple story idea would also help a lot. I am not good at graphics but it would be a 3d game.,1562927838
c95jm3,godzilla: survival,"so basically my idea is sort of a mix between a telltale game and a survival game where you're a bystander as memorable scenes from the Godzilla movies happen(eg. Godzilla 2014's battles between Godzilla and the M.U.T.O, shin Godzilla's rampage through Tokyo and maybe some from the old Godzilla movies) and you try to survive or complete a goal such as taking clear photos of the kaiju.",1562262820
cajxg3,Condemned + silent hill.,"I loved condemned 1 for its detective mechanics and worthwhile story. I also loved condemned 2( I know its not as good as 1, but I still enjoyed it.) but I also loved games such as Alan wake, silent hill, etc. But a few minutes ago, I was bored and was starting to think in tangents about like 12 different things. Then, I thought, condemned and silent hill in one game. It sounded weird at first, but the more I thought about it, the more sense it made. Ethan Thomas is sent to a small town known as silent hill to investigate several disappearances. He not only has to fight physical horrors, but mental ones caused by all the death and horror he's seen in his life as a detective. Ethan's only hope to escape is to track down the missing people, or what's left of them to gather Intel/clues to find a way out of the town before his own mind consumes him, or something much bigger decides to first.",1562585839
c9zukn,Game idea based on north mythology,"Hey! I would like to get some ideas for a game based on north mythology. I have recently gotten really into the gods and myths of the north mythology, and I feel like apart from god of war there really isn’t a lot of representation of the mythology in today’s games. The obvious idea would be an open world BOTW style game, but I have to be realistic and think smaller. So do you guys have any game ideas which could be based on said mythology? I especially like the different gods of the pantheon, and would like to incorporate them as playable characters in some shape or form. Any ideas?",1562453756
cbognr,We need a console/pc racing game that actually captures the amount of customization you can do to a car.,"Racing games like Forza and NFS have captures a majority of this customization, but they are monopolized by the big aftermarket companies. if you take a second to look into the JDM/Euro/USDM world there is so much more you can do to your car besides lower it an inch and put a rocket bunny kit on it. if there was a game that was on par with the Forza and NFS games as far as graphics, maps, and controls but had the customization that all the worlds car junkies really want, it could easily outsell the bigger games. i can do into more detail in a dm.",1562802961
cd4t25,Need ideas for a simple round-based/.io game,,1563121008
cczx7j,A City-Builder - only you're designing an interior (and/or exterior) space for cats. This would tap into the market of crazy cat people.,,1563086047
cb4ofr,Fake exchange game,"A game based on a stock exchange, but the price of the stockes (non real businesses) are based in-game supply and demand by players. Most Stock exchange games are based on real businesses but then you don't have any influece. But in this game you have influence.",1562696564
cb48sh,An original SCP game idea.,"It’s an offline game where you’re a facility manager of a newly founded SCP site. Since the foundation has practically infinite resources, the only thing limiting your growth is how much you balance safety, efficiency, and defense. For example, you could choose to treat D-class nicely; much lower risk of escaping or revolting, but you can’t do nearly as much testing with them. The real meat of the game are the SCPs; There might be 50 original scp’s in this game. The players acquire a new scp through raids or deliveries from other sites, and since they aren’t on the scp wiki, they have to test them to see what kinds of containment would work best. They create the special containment procedures (it’ll be drag and drop), and the game automatically creates the cell/vault based on the procedures. The more aspects they get correct the lower risk of escape. About escaping, any areas with an escaped SCP or d-class in it has fog of war, and the player should direct MTF units to the area in order to recontain it. I’m not sure how combat would work. Graphics would be pixel art, the game would cost a small amount (3 ish) of money, and no micro-transactions would be needed.",1562694681
cbvvr4,Looking for some rage inducing mechanics,Trying to come up with a game concept similar to Getting Over It or Jump King. Kind of looking for a mechanic that's easy to mess up and lose progress.,1562852984
catbua,NSFW Game Ideas Needed!,I am looking for some ideas for new games/game mechanics. I prefer not to work in 3D. The game will be 2D as I probably won't be able to afford assets for 3D games. I have one idea of what I want to make already and it's preventing me from thinking of anything new. Help me out with some unique idea that hasn't already been done like the 1000 linear story rpgs out there.,1562631819
c99xd5,Space Mining Game Ideas in Need,"I've recently started a small project to learn the basics of coding and game design. The idea was to make a space mining game, as space mining is one of my favorite things to do in any space game that lets you do it. The thing is, I can't really think of what I actually like about space mining, so I can't even start with the game as its core mechanic is missing. Any ideas on what makes space mining fun? Or any (super simple) game ideas that have space mining as its core mechanic?",1562288302
c9b5a3,Cooking,"I know there's a lot of games that has cooking in it, but how many actually teach you how to cook? Just thinking, a game that is actually helpful and to your benefit. Start with small stuff like eggs, then go from there into more advanced recipes. And the idea is to not have ANY fantasy in it, just real food with real recipes. A game that is fun and teaches you how to be a good cook. However, would suggest some not so real time mechanics - basically say it takes 10 mins to cook something, real time would be shorter, just not so short it feels like you blinked and it's done. This would be a lot of work, but if it's good enough, you might get support from real chefs in the world, giving tips, methods, and possibly endorsements. One thing is for sure, if successful and does help, you could finally say to people that believe games are a waste of time or unproductive, ""well here's a game that is worth your time and is productive"".",1562297098
cbdadb,Are people here having arcade game ideas...?,"I am looking for arcade game ideas. What i want : I need a new game physics idea...For example, "" Cut the Rope"" was having a simple idea of cutting a rope , ""Color Switch"" was also so simple ,or ""Fruit Ninja"" was based on just slicing the fruits and not the bombs, and then ""Smash Hit"" ...(so u see the simplicity of these games?) So, i need just a simple idea or a physics action which I could use in the game... If you have one then direct message me.",1562741371
cb6kz5,Assassins creed set during the wars of Italian unification (circa 1848 - 1870),"So my idea is an assassins creed set in Italy during the wars of Italian unification, i don't have any idea for a story yet, but Italy having been a location in previous assassins creed games creates a lot of potential in that matter. It should also include different areas controlled by different factions and the areas change hands overtime i.e Venetia and Lombardy is occupied by the Austrians and then by the French and Piedmontese, the Pope has central Italy until it falls to the Piedmontese etc., so in general a dynamic player world. The player could meet many historical figures of that time, like Italian nationalist Giuseppe Garibaldi, French emperor Napoleon III, founder of the red cross Henry Dunant (especially him!), Josef Radetzky, Francis Joseph I. etc.",1562705048
ccyv9n,"A Terminator 1 and 2 videogame, but with the GTA gameplay","I was watching the Terminator movies and it surprised me how good it could work together. Either Rockstar Games could make one, or someone could make a mod of an existing GTA game",1563078101
cdsngi,Bird Simulators,"Already a few out there. I’d like to make one that kinda sticks though. Advice I was given on making games was asking yourself “What makes it special?”. It’s obviously something I’d like to get even just a small amount of money from (micro transactions?) and I am sorta settled in an art direction for it. Those that have played a free or paid bird sim; I just need to know what features/mechanics would make it better and worth your while to pay maybe $1.99 for it? Or if there was $10 worth of DLC, what might push you to spend the money? Asked my 8yr old daughter about this and she said “playing with friends” Thoughts?",1563253602
c9usyw,Game Idea,"Hey guys, A few years ago i had an idea for a mobile game, i and other would like to play. I can program a little bit and now much about mobile programming, but i'm not able tobprogram it for myself. For different reasons. So i thought i share my idea here to find a skilled developer (or team) to realise my idea. &amp;#x200B; **Concept:** A mobile app where you play a character in a parrallel universe but strong connected to our world. The player has an alter ego and can level up with points. The core function of the game uses nearby detection of other players. So a player with thief skills can rob money from an other player who is physically nearby for example. For this function, the app has to search other player via some sort of connection (bluetooth, location and or wifi). &amp;#x200B; **Other possible functions:** Profile picture Custom skins Chat Local and worldwide leaderboard Massive skilltree More physical interaction via gps And much much more... &amp;#x200B; I would love to explain this concept further with interested and skilled developers/studios as it is in my opinion a very well formed and profitable idea. I did already some research and worked most of the function out in theory but like i said, i'm not a mobile programmer. &amp;#x200B; Wish you a nice day and would like to hear from you!",1562426929
cdo7w6,Retro American Football,"Self explanatory. I know you can play a new football game with legends but the ambiance isn’t the same. I want grainy video quality, big pads, and an emphasis on the running game. Even include leather heads as an option. Make the passing game incredibly difficult as well.",1563228374
cblvh2,"Just another dream, but a good one!","The dream was short but I tought it could maybe be used for a game, so I added to it alittle myself. tldr: the dream was about a wizard with no powers and he had no idea where he was and he was alone, there was nothing but him and tress. Survival game with day/night cycle. You start the game in a open world, but you are alone, no nothing, just you and the enviroment. It is a struggle to survive in this world when you start the game, no powers no home and you are quite weak. You gain powers by discovering the world. House building. You can build anything from a hut into a wizard tower with the right know-how and materials. Magic learning/crafting You can become a king in this world, but a king of nobody. Maybe there is a way to summon minions/create life?",1562789938
cbjuaq,Features for Possession Game,"I’m working on an indie game, where the concept is having the ability to possess ANY person in the game. The goal is to keep your suspicion level done, in order to avoid soldiers will hunt you. Are there any features or mechanics that you would like to see?",1562780588
cbtfpe,Universal Enterprise (economic Grand Strategy),"Ok so to start off, I know next to nothing about how real world economic building works, but as a side thought, could you make this idea into a sort of tutor game? Really basic idea: You are given a loan by a World Bank, the difficulty is partly determined by how much you take and where you start. Next, you buy land, start work on a resource, then build a company from there. It is however not limited by how long the founder lives, but by how long the company lasts. Your Goal: Like any company, you want to become the biggest and most profitable business on Earth. How you get there is entirely up to you. Eventually you'll have to deal with government regulations that hurt your profits and possibly the products you are trying to make. Basically, survive everything and still come out on top. The challenge: You are obviously not the only company in the world, so you'll have competition and maybe even threats. Make deals, blackmail, perform your own investigations of your rivals and try to surpass them and possibly buy them out, etc. Concept: It's like Europa Universalis 4, but instead of being a monarch and such, you're a company. So it's more of a tycoon game on a global scale. Sure you could fund wars, but later it could hurt your image as a company, and say you don't, it could still turn bad if your company HQ is in the country you refused to support. It offers a ton in the way of possibility. Now what I said earlier, since I am frankly an idiot when it comes to economics and how businesses and such work overall, you could use real economics in the game and later have the extra bit where it teaches players real life skills. Maybe even inject some real world history lessons. End - I'm personally not much of a fan of Tycoon games myself, but mostly cause many of them don't teach me anything, and I am getting sick of hearing anti-game arguments that say ""games are a waste of time"" in some effort to ban them entirely. It would be awesome to actually have games that do teach people valuable life skills and prove they aren't a waste of time. Overall, the idea of the core is to use real world economics as the game mechanic. Who knows, maybe someone will make a similar game that teaches people how to be a game developer.",1562835492
cbdkxl,Game ideas for Android ?,"I am unity developer and i want to make hypocasual-games like voodoo. Suggest me a good idea for android games where user can play as he/she want, there is no limit of games Thank you",1562743382
cajqkl,Resident evil gaiden remake.,"Resident evil gaiden is my favorite gb color game, and I still think to this day that its criminal Capcom hasn't remade it, or even just re-released it so more people could experience it. I loved the puzzle solving, the ship you get to (semi.) openly explore, and the combat that can only be explained as a fusion between pokemon go's catching mechanic and semi turned based combat. This is still my favorite resident evil game to date. And I wish Capcom would give more love to this extremely underappreciated gem of a game.",1562584531
caap83,Competitive (Weapons) Factory Manager Game,"A game where you construct a factory to take in raw resources and manufacture them into finished products, except the finished products are RTS units who march off the conveyor belt towards the enemy's factory, automatically doing battle with the enemy's units on the way and suicide-bombing it (1 explosion per unit that gets thru so a single enemy can't dismantle the whole factory &amp; the player doesn't need to have a weapon) when they get there. &amp;#x200B; Or, for WC3(&amp;co) players; &gt;!You know those old Line Wars or Missile War or Civilization Wars maps, where you'd have only have control of a peon in a base area, placing AI controlled buildings that constantly produces units it uses to fight the enemy's AI controlled units with?!&lt; &gt;!That but instead of in WC3 it's in infinifactory or something, so instead of ""order builder to place the building that builds tanks"", it's you running around the floor of your factory frantically dropping down runs of conveyor belts, mines, fabricators and assemblers and hooking them all together to get raw resources, turn those into processed materials, process those into base components and put those components together to make finished systems and then combine those finished systems into a whole tank knowing that the enemy is doing the same and trying to out-produce and out-efficieny the enemy!&lt; &amp;#x200B; And, a thought towards giving the game a sensible pace; every unit shares one finished system required to be ""complete""; one human to wield/pilot it, which you and the opponent get at the same rate that increases as the match goes on. Essentially the (weapons) factory manager equivalent of a pop cap, except you get to physically watch thirty men walk up to the end of your assembly line, pick up rifles off of the final assembler and march off to die in battle for you",1562527106
ccxn8z,"Hell have reached up this world: ""Planet"" my dream/future game","3 years ago back in 2016,I have created this idea for Action First Person Shooter game while back in 2017 in it development calling game ""Planet"". It take couple or more years making happened plus learning about making a video game like programming,music,gameplay,engine, writing and mostly everything to very details. Already laying out everything story,character and almost everything how got prefect Developers and Publishers. [People Can Fly](https://peoplecanfly.com/) (Developers of [Painkiller](https://www.amazon.com/Painkiller-PC/dp/B00008QOL6),[Gears of War:Judgment](https://www.amazon.com/Gears-War-Judgment-Xbox-360/dp/B002I0H2AG) and [Bulletstorm: Full Clip Edition](https://store.steampowered.com/app/501590/Bulletstorm_Full_Clip_Edition/)) and [MachineGames](https://www.machinegames.com/home.php?lang=en) (Developers of [Wolfenstein](https://www.amazon.com/Wolfenstein-Two-Pack-PC/dp/B074B84YSY/ref=pd_lpo_sbs_63_t_1?_encoding=UTF8&amp;psc=1&amp;refRID=GHSF45ERVZZ7VV4QB821)) also [Certain Affinity ](http://www.certainaffinity.com/). With [Bethesda](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bethesda_Softworks) ( published games like [Doom](https://slayersclub.bethesda.net/en?utm_source=Twitter&amp;utm_medium=bio),[The Elder Scrolls](https://elderscrolls.bethesda.net/),[Fallout](https://fallout.bethesda.net/),[Rage](https://store.steampowered.com/app/9200/RAGE/),[Dishonored](https://dishonored.bethesda.net/),[The Evil Within](https://theevilwithin2.bethesda.net/en) and [Prey](http://prey/)). Also got voice cast members are prefect [Matthew Mercer](http://www.matthewmerceronline.com/),[Nika Futterman](https://www.behindthevoiceactors.com/Nika-Futterman/),[Lucie Pohl](http://www.luciepohl.com/),[Alesia Glidewell](https://www.behindthevoiceactors.com/Alesia-Glidewell/),[Me](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9nrJBGnO0j3EVcaBZ1u9gw)(also as addition voice,one of co writer,director,beta tester and executive prouder) and few voices needing to cast in game. Gameplay be mix of old schools ([Doom](https://classicreload.com/dosx-doom.html),[Wolfenstein 3D](http://store.steampowered.com/app/2270/Wolfenstein_3D),[Quake](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2310/QUAKE/),[Duke Nukem 3D](https://store.steampowered.com/app/434050/Duke_Nukem_3D_20th_Anniversary_World_Tour/),[Serious Sam](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=http://www.croteam.com/&amp;ved=2ahUKEwia6JTKrNzfAhUQZd8KHRlHBMQQ5OUBMBl6BAgEEAE&amp;usg=AOvVaw3pzT2jjuWbILFmI-Jfia-L) and [Shadow Warrior](https://www.amazon.com/Shadow-Warrior-PC/dp/B001ALM47A)) and modern ([Bulletstorm](https://www.amazon.com/Bulletstorm-PC-x/dp/B003H0CBT8),[F.E.A.R.](https://store.steampowered.com/app/21090/FEAR/)[Halo](https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us),[The Darkness](https://www.amazon.com/Darkness-Xbox-360/dp/B000HX1P72),[Crysis](https://store.steampowered.com/app/17300/Crysis/) and [Black](https://www.ea.com/games/black)) similar to 2016 reboot of DOOM,Painkiller,Bulletstorm and Wolfsenstein,reason use Bethesda for they engine id Tech 6 or maybe id Tech 7 use for Planet wanting feel game more live with equipment,places like city or rainforest,characters and every detail in game,plus the kills melee system like in Doom ""Glory Kill"" or ""Executions"" from Gears of war like that. Noting more say about gameplay but still wanted to talk about it in future like at QuakeCon,PAX or E3 presentation about Planet Now story well this bit interest to say,Fallen Warrior (as player) awaking up on battlecruiser starship it under attack some strange animals/demon's hybrid like rats or inflect humans like zombie,you gone up grab you're suit and weapons shooting though enemies on ship and helped the soldiers in fight. Then in half way in hallway you're greeted to mercenary pirate hunter (voice Matthew Mercer) offer to help to get off this ship but ship engine is destroyed by some bigger both of you crushing landing on ""[Durial](https://www.nasa.gov/content/kepler-62-and-the-solar-system)"" a apocalyptic hell hole filled with demon's hybrids call ""infects"" and mutant gang bandits call ""Quasit"" with planet population humanity civilization decreased 89% (remained humans are escaped from Durial or living underground). You (Play as Fallen Warrior) and Mercenary join together though this hell so call planet finding away off this world,but later met this female soldier (voice by Nika Futterman) officer them taking to her people behind this operating on Durial. All went to hell,Demons are ripped this parallel dimension to invade to taking over Durial and merged this world and rest of planets in solar system they own, Now Grimm Warrior wanting stop hell invasion . Plan change now it up to Grimm Warrior join by Soldier and Mercenary adventure thoughts cities,rainforest planets and even hell alone (that you). Enemies will bigger,challenging,brutal and rage. But you be even more worst and scared some enemies to hidden in where they from,doing that with some back up Story sound familiar and it unoriginal (like PCF and Id other games not to name) but it was inspiration from not only games self as will also movies and novels as well like Planet of the apes,Predators,After Earth,Jurassic Park (there novel series before films) and Pitch Black give me idea and concept story for Planet. What do you guys think about my future game idea incredible is going hit with development by two amazing games developers one made gears of war and one reimagine/revision grandfather of all first person shooters all together give us a step grandson to Wolfenstein,Doom and Quake. Wanting a lore behind events and history like Durial not let you guys (gamers) felt confused what going on in world of Planet get concept lore in my head needing writing down and feasting whole thing out, alsoand who is Grimm Warrior (or prefer Fallen Knight) let say Planet have a tire in connection with Doom not saying they in share universe. But Grimm Warrior and Doom Slayer once knew each they will allies,enemies or who know? only time will tale. In like 10 or 11 years going make this game happened will turning into reality and will guys going love ""Planet"" going 9/10. It will having everything you guys love like from all you're old schools and new schools shooter's, it pay on that",1563070271
cdima8,"This video, dont know if this has been here yet", [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGhpDOx0CMk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGhpDOx0CMk),1563203326
cbbxnb,Mechanics Challenge!: A mini-game where NPCs Socially Interact with each other at a Job.,"I am looking for ideas for a mini-game that I can drop into my project, so if the idea is really good it might be part of a real project. There are a list of requirements that have to be followed: * The setting is medieval fantasy with business and jobs related to that, there might be some more advanced jobs possible but not modern times, and more related to magic. * The NPCs have a scheduled routine of a week or a month and a few interactions(1 or 3?) happen every day. * The NPCs will do a job or activity based on what is scheduled that day and will interact NPCs that do that job that day. * The Job or Activity can increase the Skills the NPCs have, think Princes Maker 2. And there is a Training activity with a Teacher NPC and Students that are more focused on training skills. * The NPCs can interact with each other socially and build a relationship with each other based on their own personality. * The NPCs can also interact with Customer NPCs that drop by to that business in a similar way. * The Outcome of the Job Result can depend on both the skill of the NPCs and the Interactions that happen that day. * While the interactions per day is limited, the interactions can combo together with multiple NPCs for bigger results, or combo over multiple days over a week. * *?? The interactions could be represented through a card system. With the suits representing Skill Training, Job Result, Relationship, Personal Traits??* * The Interactions of the NPCs should be manipulatable by the Player to give favorable combo results to the four outcomes.",1562732601
c9yobs,Life of an Adventurer - RPG Single,"A game that acts like a classic RPG, where you accept quests, are rewarded with money, and generally gain fame. The reality is much harsher and cruel. Before game start, you are asked a series of questions that help determine your skills, attributes, and finally the classes you can choose. The last question will ask if you prefer start in a village or in a city, but will have no affect on starting gear or money. The world: There are mountains, forests, deserts, lakes, rivers, and an ocean (which surrounds the continent, there are no others). There are 5 Villages to each City, 20 Cities, and a single Capitol City. There is only one nation, and all the civilized species live in it. While the world would remain the same throughout each playthrough, the difficulty of each zone as well as quests available in each zone would randomize. There are 3 levels of currency, from least to most valued, silver, gold, and platinum. For the beginning, the player has enough to buy only the most basic gear and supplies, however, is not forbidden from overspending - ex. They have enough to buy a leather armor from head to toe and a short sword, all of low quality, but can choose to spend it all on a single piece of gear even if it's not a good idea. The only bit that remotely feels like a tutorial is how to attack, block, and interact. The rest they figure out on their own. All quests for the start are acquired at the local Adventures' Hall, but are only found in cities. If they chose a village as their start point, then a board will display some quests, but are typically very low paying and don't offer much in terms of ""excitement"", plus are primarily put their cause the villager(s) can't afford the fee from local Adventures' Halls. All new adventurers that come in to the Adventures' Halls, have to sign themselves in the first time to be allowed to accept quests. All newcomers start are given the starting rank of one Star Silver. There are 5 stars to each level, and like currency, only 3 levels which determines what they can handle. All quests, excluding offered &amp; village quests, are given those stars and levels to show estimated difficulty (but since it's just an estimate, it could just as easily be easier or harder). However like spending choices, the adventuer is allowed to accept any quest they want regardless, and will be warned about it if they pick one or more that is too dangerous for them. Furthermore, quests do have time limits as to how long a quest will sit there before someone accepts it (wait too long and the quest will not be available, but replaced by a random new quest). Aborting a quest also has consequences, a fee of 10%. If can't pay, it will be deducted from future completed quests. Now comes the next bits... You need to eat, drink, and sleep. Ignoring these will affect your ability to do pretty much anything effectively. Ignore them for too long and your character dies. If your character dies from anything, you are given ONE reload before you accepted any quests. If you choose not to reload or die a second time, your character is locked behind a memorial explaining quests completed, stuff owned, and what caused him/her to die. You'll then have to start over. You are not the hero of the story. You are just another Adventurer trying to make a name for themselves or simply get by. Equipment is governed not by level, but by attributes and skills. There's nothing stopping you from equipping stuff your character can't really use effectively, but that's part of learning. Just cause you like it, want it, and can get it, doesn't mean you use it or handle it. The concept is similar to Dark Souls, learn from your mistakes. And the game is not about how spectacular you did, it's about how much you learned and adapted. Finally, while there are bosses, there is no final. The game ends when you give up. Just as we can't simply become CEO and our life is done cause we got there, neither will your character. Our life ends when we die. Your character's life ends when he/she dies. Sound good? Just in case, singleplayer only game.",1562447213
c9xdjq,don't get caught!,"a game where you have to not get caught having naughty time. you have to play ""minigames"" to get your arousal up and eventually cum. but you have to switch to another tab and zip up your pants whenever you hear your parents coming. or hopefully its just the dog.",1562440311
cb6qlc,Acceptable Loss,"A game where you have a maximum number of acceptable casualties, as well as a dollar amount for the maximum acceptable amount of property damage. Anything more, you fail the mission. Casualties include both enemies and innocents. Get bonus points for finishing with no casualties.",1562705766
cbanc8,Time Travel game with harsh reality RPG,"Kinda wish I could add more flairs... This is more of a Dream and Request. Okay, this is another dream I had a while ago. It might be long, but I'm thinking it could be made into a game or a TV show. Just a note it was the only dream I had that I wouldn't call a nightmare, but it was still depressing enough that I awoke shaking and mentally exhausted. In the dream I was a God. But I didn't exist in some celestial plane, I existed in the physical world. I remember there was a temple, people came to care for the place and me. I wasn't all knowing, in fact I was a grown man with the personality of a child, but care free and mostly a loving and playful type. The weird bits: I know I am a God, but my dream self is somehow unaware of that fact (all my dreams are like this, I know more than what the character does). There are several stone triangle things with smaller spinning triangles on top, all of which have visible connecting arcs. I know I could never leave the temple area because of those devices, but I never questioned why or what they were for. One fateful day, I am playing with the children by passing a ball. Just in case, they are a tribal people. I throw the ball but I didn't throw it hard enough, and it knocks one of the smaller triangles off. The entire thing short circuits, and the next thing that happens: A headache so extreme that it felt like my skull was being crushed. I fall to the ground and wake up a few minutes later. The temple is a ruin. Plants and grass has completely covered it. I then notice I am no longer bound to the temple grounds and head towards the village. That too is a ruin. The only thing I see that tells me they were here is bones. I begin to cry and another headache just as bad as the first happens. I fall to the ground in agony and wake up to see a city around me. I would tell all here, but I can't cause it would literally take years to finish the post. My perception of time in dreams is the same as when I'm awake, my dreams try to be as realistic as possible. And in it, it felt like I was dreaming for 400+ years. Each time I jumped through time, it was always preceded by that horrible headache. I would make friends, sometimes staying in a particular time for at least 10 years, but when I jumped, it would be 200-700 years in the future or in the past. I could never control it. Eventually I would reach the end, a cataclysmic event where a rift would open and unleash unspeakable horrors upon the world. And just before the horrors could do anything to me, I jumped back. I tried desperately to warn people, but everyone assumed I was crazy. Eventually I did start to go insane, I was depressed that there was nothing I could do, all those I cared for are either no longer alive or they're not even born yet. It is the one dream I had that lasted the longest and something I never want to dream again. So, thoughts on what you could make from this?",1562725358
cd4qfa,A horror (but not that scary more just kind of mysterious) game about waterparks and adoption,"YOU and your adopted family are going to a hotel for summer vacation. The hotel is called Hotel. It is known for its many waterparks and water-related activities. YOU check into your hotel room with your mom, dad, sister and dog. Once inside the hotel room, YOU read one of the magazines there and find out about their waterparks. There is WATERPARK 1, which is a pretty standard waterpark. WATERPARK 2 is advertised like a phone, it seems very modern and the entire room is white, the slides all seem futuristic. WATERPARK 3 has been closed this year due to water filtration issues leading to 2 children drowning. A page has been torn out of the magazine right after WATERPARK 3. YOU ask your mom to take you to WATERPARK 1, where you meet a kid named Billy. Billy seems paranoid, and your mom tells you not to talk to him. You talk to him anyways. He asks you to go to WATERPARK 2 with him, he's scared. You go to WATERPARK 2 with Billy and your mom. YOU go down some slides but Billy refuses to. He says he doesn't like to get his hair wet, despite it already being wet from WATERPARK 1. YOU convince Billy to go on one tube slide. He pulls out a piece of his hair and gives it to you for, ""In case"". Billy doesn't come out of the slide. The next day, YOU meet Billy again in WATERPARK 1, but he doesn't know YOU. It's like meeting Billy all over again. He takes you to WATERPARK 2 again, but instead this time YOU try to go with him. The lifeguard tells YOU it's too dangerous and the same thing happens. This repeats until YOU finally decide to ignore the lifeguard and run down the slide with Billy. Billy has already disappeared, but the slide flashes red and recognizes YOU as Billy, because of the hair he gave YOU. A floorboard appears, stopping YOU from sliding down and the slide begins to fill with water. YOU drown, but wake up in a room. YOU realize YOU are in WATERPARK 3. It is empty and silent. The lights turn on and a bunch of men appear, they all look the same. If YOU try to talk to them, they will reply ""fix it fix it"". They seem to be talking about fixing the waterpark, but none of them are actually fixing the waterpark. YOU walk around the waterpark and notice a hot air balloon near the top, where there is also a door. Finally, YOU go through a door near the end of the waterpark and find Billy. Multiple Billys. There is a room filled with Billys, all occasionally being beaten and being shown that WATERPARK 2 is bad. YOU have entered WATERPARK 4. It is a horrible waterpark that has no water, but instead the bodily fluids of Billy. There are Billys being squashed and juiced every second, while one lucky Billy is sent out into WATERPARK 1 every day. If they come back, they are killed. A Billy sneaks up behind YOU. The Billy is an adult, YOU recognize him as the owner of HOTEL. He grabs YOU, and clones YOU. Then, YOU are killed as your clone is thrown into WATERPARK 2, where another family finds you and adopts you. As they take you away, they are carrying a clone with a tracker device in it that records everything. The adult Billy takes over the world. In this entire game all the dialogue is in second person and the only capitalized words are pronouns, HOTEL, WATERPARK 1, WATERPARK 2, WATERPARK 3, WATERPARK 4 and YOU. This was based off a dream I had about alternate realities so that's why it's kinda weird and very bad.",1563120640
cbigs5,Payday based multiplayer game,"co the basic idea is that there are 9 players 4 thieves 1 operator 4 swats (with bots) so match starts with three maps one is gonna be robbed and the other 2 are just a bait operator can call cops on a location but cannot do this too often. that's where swats come in, if operator guessed correctly the beef of the match starts. like in payday 3 thieves can fall down multiple times but swats can fall down once but swats respawn with each assault &amp;#x200B;  player swat has a different look than a bot swat (obvious reasons)",1562774136
cdc57s,"This idea started off as StarCraft, but also an FPS","The idea was that there would be two ""generals"" who play StarCraft as usual, but instead of using point and click for the micro, you would give out orders which would be followed by people playing as the individual units. For Terrans for example, you would have individual players controlling each marine, siege tank, and battlecruiser. It would be an MMORTSFPS game. As people gain experience and do well in the game, they are able to unlock higher and more expensive units which they could play as. Eventually, with enough XP, they could play as generals. This is done so that there can be a balance between the amount of high positions available in the army and the amount of people who want to play in those high positions. Somewhat ironically, I recently heard that Blizzard stopped working on a StarCraft FPS, so they would probably never do this. My current idea is to do basically the same thing, but with a completely new IP, so that we could make the idea more streamlined and not have it be bogged down by the framework of another game. It would essentially be a war game of some kind. It doesn't really matter to me if it was medieval, modern, or futuristic. **The core idea is to be able to experience war at all levels of the military hierarchy.** From private to head of state. At the lowest level, you have an FPS. You take orders from a squadron leader of some sort. Maybe you can gain XP to try different weapons, like gaining the ability to become a sniper or an artillery guy. Maybe there are different sections of the military, like the army, navy, and airforce, with different starting roles and positions. As you gain XP you can start moving up the ladder. You can become a squadron commander or a navy captain, and you can lead your own group of people. This leadership would be for quick decision making on the front lines, because your main objectives would be given to you by the generals above you. This may seem like a big jump in terms of hierarchy, but I thought it would be better so that there aren't too many similar types of roles. But who knows, maybe more in between roles would be needed. Generals would be in charge of entire battles, giving orders for different squads to attack or scout or whatever they see as strategically important. At the very top, you would have the heads of state. These people would essentially be the ones controlling the entire war. Think of it as kind of playing Civilization/Crusader Kings/Diplomacy or any other world conquest type game. You send your military to conquer different strategic cities or regions. You control your economics and supply chain. You might even negotiate with other factions if it's a multi-sided conflict. This part might be the hardest to implement in terms of keeping it in real time, because battles might take a long time to finish, let alone entire campaigns. But if this part could be figured out and implemented well, I think that would really go well with the central theme of being able to experience all of the levels of the military hierarchy. To me, it seems like the more layers of hierarchy are added, the longer each individual game that gets played will be. Maybe a way to alleviate this would be to have the games played on servers which essentially never reset, so that the history of battles and wars fought will always remain. There wouldn't be any ""new game"", as a player, you would just log on as your unit of choice and get thrown in to the world as it currently is. This would be good for players which play quickly spawning units, like infantry, but the higher up the hierarchy you play, the possibly longer you'll need to wait in order to start. As for the heads of state, they are the leaders of the campaign, and they have their own plans which shouldn't be shared with anybody, so they'll most likely have to play for the whole game, whether that takes hours or more. Maybe they can share their responsibility with others in order to alleviate the burden. Anyways, what are your thoughts on the viability of this game. I think it's possible, but there might need to be tweaks here and there in order to make it viable as something playable at all hierarchies. As long as the core mechanic of the game is kept, I wouldn't mind that.",1563160130
cag6vd,An Open World Animal RPG,"I have no idea how this would even work but fuck it, it sounds cool. You'd have different classes you get to choose (ex: Hyena, Lion, Tiger, Hippo, Monkey). Of course, each class would have its strengths and weaknesses. Maybe turn it into some Jungle Book type world. There would be basic tasks involved such as hunting, finding water, keeping enemies out of your territory and trying to expand your territory. There would be battles between species and even alliances. This isn't a game that's going to replicate what happens in nature 100%. Just watch Planet Earth for that shit or read a bio textbook. There would be different skills to rank such as strength, stamina, health and physical upgrades such as increased muscle mass or increased jaw strength that would enable you to kill more enemies. There would be enemy territories and certain species you'd have to look out for as well. &amp;#x200B; If a game like this already exists, please tell.",1562558257
cb55v3,Hybrid of a survival and a city building game,"In this game you are tasked to build an civilization. The game plays in first person with you firstly bashing some rocks and tress to get the materiales for the first house. The house gets build just like in any other survival game, but it needs to be at least a certain size and have at least one bed in it for it to work. Only then will your first citizen spawn. You then can build a quarry or a lumberjack and have the citizen work and gather resources for you. Citizen have different needs like food, entertainment etc. and will build relationships between each other Buildings can be customized like adding more beds to house so that more people can live in them or add decorative object to them to make them tenants more happy The game starts at the stone age and you will research new technology and go through the different ages until you reach the far future.",1562698707
cb8b1t,Requesting a game with reverse time mechanics,"No story preferred, but if you have a story in mind, at least the main plot, don't hold it back. Also, I'm thinking of a dark theme, like a completely dark world with a few spotlights etc. but not necessarily. 3D First-person preferred. 2.5D is also an option, but not preferred. I have some ideas, but I wanted to hear you guys' ideas as well, so I could maybe combine them to make the game more fun! Any ideas will be appreciated. Thanks in advance. P.S: I will, of course, give credits to the person that gave me ideas.",1562713055
cbpqf6,Gravity based game?,"Hey all, What are some ideas based on the idea of switching gravity on and off/reversing gravity?",1562810045
cbpvqn,Mobile Gravity Game Ideas?,"Hey all, What are some ideas based on the idea of switching gravity on and off/reversing gravity, that could be adhere to the mobile playing style (single swipe, single tap, etc.)?",1562810903
cdad1v,"A game Idea, but needs some originality","Hi, so I have been struggling with an idea that I had a while ago on a game. Basically, I wanted to make a similar game to what Gauntlet had (if you have never heard of the game, I will provide a YT link with the gameplay for you) I was thinking on making the same mechanics like a special ability and such, but changing the characters, their attacks and the environments. I really like the way the game was executed and would like to have a great game based on that experience. &amp;#x200B; What I would like to change from the game is: 1. The characters, I would like them to be as different as possible, but that does not lose its fantasy-like style 2. Environment, levels, maps, anything that would change the aesthetic of the game to make it original 3. The enemies I would like to accept your opinions, also I want to thank you in advance for helping me! Here are two links, the original game that was made and the other is a remastered version of the game: 1. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLnkCAFihqA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLnkCAFihqA) 1985 Version 2. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IM8GrqWgcxI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IM8GrqWgcxI) 2016 version on the ps4 Also, I want to make sure, the game I am planning to make I want to make it as if it were a 2d top-down game",1563149685
c8vynz,Help with Story,"Often when I work with game ideas, I find myself struggling with story the most, as with most genres of video games, a good story is essential. Is there any way I could combat this? Any help would be appreciated. Thank you.",1562200610
c9o510,A song of ice and fire inspired open world,"So as a big fan of game of thrones (tv show and the books) I would love for a GOT video game to be out there. I’ve come up with a few ideas of my own and would like to share, I would welcome your feedback and criticism. Concept So my idea would be that this game would be a massive single player open world similar to the likes of Skyrim. You would first create a character based on your chosen starting location ranging from Dorne to the wall and beyond, depending on your chosen location your character will have a basic preset where you will be able to customise them within limitations linking to your chosen location for example if you chose winterfell as your starting location you would be a northerner therefore having different hairstyles/colour and personality compared to if you started at kings landing. No matter where your starting location is or whether your high or low born you are already adequate in the art of combat. The start of the game would be less story driven and more focused on exploration and levelling up whilst completing side quests, making friends and enemies and also getting to know the world your in. There would be a skill tree and skill points for each time you level up but just levelling up doesn’t me you become stronger for example to learn a new skill you have to go out and learn this skill rather than just clicking a button and getting it, for example if you want to learn how hunt you could seek out a local hunter who may be willing to help you out in return for a favour. You will have a choice of companions throughout the game whether that be unloyal sellswords or childhood friends, your companions will remember your choices and may like or dislike them. Your companions may become disloyal and leave your service or even worse betray you. Whereas having a loyal companion would give you an advantage in battle and other rewards based on level of loyalty. Death is permanent in this game so you need to know your friends and enemies, the lands you walk on and the lords and ladies that control the area. If you die by the hands of another knight this knight will have your gear and you will have chance to avenge your fallen character by creating a new one. You could come back as one of your dead characters family members or a loyal friend who wants nothing more than to kill the knight who slain you. Or you could forget about that character and start in a different location and take a completely different path make new allies and new enemies. Throughout the game there will be one main storyline where your player will be guided towards after a certain level but there will also be side stories much bigger than side quests but smaller the main story. In the story the aim is to rise to the very top but given the perma death fact this could take time you have to be tactical if another house attack’s you have you made enough allies to defend yourself? In this game your no one man army friends are key and there will be big battles between armies containing thousands of men you could sit out on these battles and be a Joffrey or you could lead your men into battle risking all your progress and your life like Jon snow but whatever your decisions the people will remember and will sing songs and tell tales. Once the main story is complete and your character has chosen and completed their chosen path you can create a new character in the same universe and follow a separate path. You will be able to switch through your characters controlling them at will and can even have them as your companions. There’s so much more I can and want to add to this so if anyone has any questions or comments or would just like me to say more about it just leave a comment thanks for reading🙌",1562378124
cb9kux,A ginormous multiplayer world of minecraft,"Not like a server but an separate game based solely on this, huge world where everyone who joins spawn in at random points, all far away from players and its like a normal minecraft survival where you could run into people and either make friends with them, fight them, group up with a lot of people and make a huge base or city or you could just try and ignore but idk i think that would be really cool who knows maybe everyone works together like a civilization and they have jobs and all work together to create something amazing, or i guess in the more likely case, it would end up being more of a huge factions world but in my mind its like how no mans sky said it would be, survival game but its actually multiplayer and you can find people",1562719611
cbibs1,Interesting Graphical Technique for you devs.,"So I have an art style that might just help your games in a very weird way. Do text games, like the old ones. People look at graphics and say ""Wow, realistic"". But I think personally if you describe something, even fully, then the exact looks of it is up to the players imagination. It would be great to see a game that's a text adventure in this slough of renaissance games. Pixels aren't enough even if it's 8 bit, just do words. If I say ""a fancy fork site on a table"", then everyone would have a different picture in their heads. So what I say is don't even use graphics, just use the imagination.",1562773460
c9pxm0,A retro shooter about stopping a wizard from resurrecting historical wars,"Not Done Yet (Summary) a 90’s shooter style game about fighting resurrected soldiers from historical wars with either different pistols, shotguns, or rifles, learning about the enemy to deal with them better, and getting help from a small lumberjack village. All by using the stats of 1 of 3 characters (In depth description) The main gameplay of Not Done Yet will be the good old 90’s running and gunning like Doom and Blood. It will be set in a forest with a small lumberjack village you must help. You will have to fight different enemy types from different time periods with 1 of 3 different weapon classes. It will be pistols the most versatile class, shotguns, a close range but powerful class, and rifles a long rang and potentially powerful class. You will use these against knights, cavemen, soldiers, and emu’s (look up the emu wars) There will be side mechanics like finding new weapons for the class you picked. Working with the stats for the character you picked, and getting help from the village. The weapons will be put in specific areas to be found by those who look. The three character stats are Killing Prowess (KP), Historical Knowledge (HK), and People Skills (PS), KP will determine how well you use your weapon and the damage body shots do, HK will let you know more about the enemy and how to deal with them, PS will determine how well you can interact with the villagers. The story is about one of three characters, fighting an evil wizard who is testing his ability to revive and reenact historical battles by terrorizing a small secluded village, until he has the power to revive all of WW2. The three characters will be Daphne (KP:2 HK:3 PS:1) a teenage girl who’s one of the popular girls but is secretly a history nerd who’s practiced with guns because of her interest with wars but doesn’t know how to talk to people who don’t use the internet. Then there’s Chuck (KP:1 HK:2 PS:3) a lumberjack orphan raised in the small village who looked at animals with children and decided to never make a living creature an orphan. Finally Kirin (KP:3 HK:1 PS:2) a retired CIA agent who lived in a bunker near the village out of paranoia from natural disasters who will talk to the locals for supplies. Now this is an idea I’m not gonna attempt to make for a while as it is very ambitious. But hopefully there will come a day where I can make this game with the help of coworkers. I simply wanted to get this idea out there and get some opinions.",1562390692
c9abhd,Pathways to Evil - multiple start RPG,"One of the things I have always wished for was a game that has multiple beginnings, multiple endings, and let you really choose. But, we do kind of have those except most are surrounding a good aligned characters. So this is the idea - You have a choice between several different types of bad guys to play as. 1. Lich - This is considered one of the most powerful, evil, and hardest to play. You can raise undead from defeated enemies and others (they don't have to be fighters, they can be average people and even animals), you have an arsenal of powers, and for the most part you are immortal. The negatives however make being one pretty difficult like your mere presence strikes terror into lesser beings, if any powerful organization finds out about your existence they will use every possible resource they can muster to destroy you. 2. Vampire - Live forever, drink blood to survive, avoid the sun, sounds easy enough til you start getting hunted by organizations designed to kill you. You can turn others into more of your kind, charm others to do your bidding, and have a few powerful abilities. 3. Werewolf - Go from a regular person to that of a huge monstrous wolf. You won't have anything you can cast off like other characters, but you'll have much stronger strength and speed, you can walk among your prey, and while at first you'll be subject to your animal side's whim, you'll eventually learn to control it and become much more powerful than those who try to fight it. Other choices (up to developer). The world - 5 nations on a single continent, all of which are at peace, for now. Each of them neighbors the others in a circle, their territories are equal and they share the center of the continent for their citizens. Your Goal: Take over a kingdom, Start wars, Wreak havoc, Acquire mass amounts of wealth, your choice. How you do it is completely up to you. But it won't be easy. Craft things, build things, start businesses, take slaves, mass murder, fish, farm, politics, etc. This is mostly a singleplayer type of game idea, but if you think co-op or multiplayer could be added, then allow for them to work together or against each other. Voice acting isn't necessary, it can all be just written dialogue, besides a multiple choice game would be too much if you did add voice acting - too many hours of recording. And though Lich and Vampire would be one of those starting choices, I'd suggest having players work for it like beating the game with certain character(s) and certain difficulties. Otherwise everyone will start off with the strongest and most powerful, and the other choices will feel boring/uninteresting. So, doable?",1562291137
c9y2i7,Text Dungeon rougelike rpg,"A game with a super difficult setup to it. So it is a game where the character has to descend all the way to the Dragon Zorag's lair. But... That isn't all. Loads of encounter battles and instant death traps that makes you question which way to go. The character starts with 5 HP, this cannot be restored. You can find Weapons, Armor, Supplies, and Food. Every 10 turns you eat one food. Supplies are rare and a sort of currency. Like if you light a torch, - 1 supplies. Simple right? You have to be super careful with what you do. And here is where the name comes in, ""Text dungeon"". Basically you give them options to go Forwards, Backwards, Left, and Right with walls in effect. When a character goes left into a wall, the game says ""you hit a wall"". Going onto a certain space sometimes gives you the aforementioned items above. This is randomly generated also, but the game makes sure there is a way to the exit. The only sight you have is one square around your current position. the map is useful and lets you see progress you have already made. But... Maps have to be found too. they are the rareist item in the game, and can only map a total area of 7x7 spaces. There are only 3 weapons and armor types in the game. I can go into detail of you would like. Armor and weapons break after a number of hits and uses, they are actually kind of common. Not as common as food, but, common. Something I also want as a factor in the game is weight. Your character can only carry 20 pounds of items, and everything has a weight. 3 food= 2 lbs, 5 supplies= 1 lbs, I can specify armor and weapons, other pickups as you would like. And there is a boss in every floor. Yeah. I can specify anything you would like. But this is the base premise of the game.",1562444012
casrhr,Persona-ish Mobile Game,[removed],1562628853
cb77o3,Pirate Game,Game where you rise through the ranks of privateering and pirating. Starting as a deckhand and doing menial tasks. And as you rise you have different tasks that you need to do in order to keep rising (ex: to reach first mate you might have to lead a couple of raids and do favors for the captain) End goal could be to own your own ship and/or a whole fleet as a commander.,1562707943
ccvv7s,Desert Checkpoint: the Desert Bus of FPS games,,1563059507
ccr5n5,"I am a developer, throw some ideas my way.","I am currently seeking ideas for a game suitable for children 13 and under, No killing or other forms of violence, no vehicles, guns, or any type of weaponry.",1563034892
cd980v,Need ideas for a RPG horror game,,1563143339
c9z8t1,"Subway surfers, but with Sonic the Hedgehog characters instead","And you collect rings and powerups across the various Sonic locations. Playable characters Sonic, Tails, and unlockables Knuckles, Shadow, and Metal Sonic",1562450288
catctb,Superman; Remnant,"This is a story I started writing as a fan fiction story a while back, but could make for a great game as well... Superman; Remnant A few months after Superman defeats Doomsday, the Daily Planet is besieged by an unknown force during a major press briefing. This force, is lead by a dark and shadowy wraith calling himself Remnant. As you progress, you learn that Remnant is holding Superman responsible for the destruction caused during the Doomsday Scenerio, and he's giving him a set time to show up before he starts killing hostages. Unfortunately, you're trapped inside the Daily Planet alongside every big reporter in Metropolis. You're mission is to save the hostages and stop Remnant all while maintaining your secret identity as Clark Kent. During the game, you learn that the horrible creatures in Remnant's group are just men using advanced tech which creates the monstrous illusions they are disguised as. We also learn that Remnant's tech is even more advanced and he can seemingly alter the fabric of realty at will. Can Clark Kent learn to see through the illusions and tell reality from the nightmares in Remnant's mind? Will Superman be able to keep his identity a secret? Or will Remnant be the one who finally destroys Superman and the Daily Planet? Superman; Remnant... So that's the gist. It could play very well as a telltale game I think. Unfortunately, i don't have the resources to make this game, nor do I have the rights to superman, but if your out there DC... I'd love to see it. For those curious, Remnant is in fact a cannon Superman villain. I tweaked his story slightly, but kept the core concept of his character. So what do you all think?",1562631967
cd0l11,Occult based 3rd person MMOARPG building game where you build your temple and engage in magick wars,"You spawn starting with a small altar, beside hunting food you also harvest spirits and elements to build a temple, creating alter egos, personas and shadows to accomplish several tasks, army or spirits, demons and angels. Engaging in a magick war against other warlocks. Doing quests and events based on a astrology calendar.? This is just a brainstorm",1563091642
cbjaif,Im sick of Autoplay and gatcha game,"Hello everyone i have an ideea of an rpg Hope you like it 3 factions An rpg Pvp based When you win 30% of the xp goes from the loser team to the winner team You can only pvp with others in 10% xp range up or down No autoplay Trade allowed(with exceptions) Pk allowed with pk flag ,when you die 30%of your xp goes to the attackers from the last 'start combat' Charracter looks modifys by the time you get more xp Pc ,mobile platfrom ( you have to choose 5 skills from a range of skills witch you can modify out of combat) A lot of cc(to see the players skills not there bank accounts) hard quests and unique quests in witch if you fail you cant remake them funny events get out of labirinth, one week reverse chat global ( what you write on gloval chat its backwords) and i have many more ideas to expel the trade currency sellers you ban there website name from global chat to expel the scammers class ip ban and much more I hope a game developing company will contact me im really sad when i see the market of gamming so poor in gameplay Thanks",1562778040
cadwg5,Idea for a overwatch third person shooter,"Fans have many overwatch ideas for overwatch is sound great on paper. Got this third person shooter spin off revolve around team of Talon,there lack of love of talon in overwatch community beside Reaper,Widowmaker,Sombra,Doomfist &amp; Moria but true talon soldiers the troop's,everyday they on field and mission survey they duty. Put they life's on line fighting the fight what Talon standard for,fans believed Talon are good guys in overwatch ([https://us.battle.net/forums/en/overwatch/topic/20753765772](https://us.battle.net/forums/en/overwatch/topic/20753765772)). Believe All not genetic evil stormtroopers copies behind mask they have faces and personality we never get to see or have chance get to know them,with Talon spin off games idea thinking taking deeply look at Talon soldiers and they life. Call this spin off ""Talon Recall"" written by people from Overwatch &amp; Call of Duty. co developed by raven software &amp; splash damage (multiplayer) and published by Activision Blizzard Story about Talon commander (voice by Patrick Heusinger) who lead special ops unit a Trooper,Enforcer,Assassin,Sniper,Heavy Assault &amp; New Rook going various mission like main mission (campaign) &amp; side quest (earn upgrades &amp; XP),following teams question they mortally and ideology's in Talon and being on team looking different view in organization and they agents/soldiers. Story tone mix with serious,action &amp; like military drama show or movie with political commentary. Take different directly in Talon Recall still have continuity with series games &amp; comics featured characters from Overwatch like Tracer,Ana,Reinhardt,Mei and Zarya as NPC,Boss &amp; Join you on you're mission as teammate,gameplay &amp; combats mechanical influence from Gears of war,Mass Effect,Binary Domain,Army of Two,Max Payne,Lost Planet,Killswitch and Resident Evil taking those elements from those like taking cover,teamwork,giving common &amp; orders and weapons selection,in Talon Recall weapons in game like in mass effect you can carrying like 5 guns &amp; grenade's like Crossbow,Biotic Rifle,Frag Launcher,Peacekeeper,Heavy Pulse Rifle,Pulse Pistols or Shotguns,levels maps and locations from Overwatch both games &amp; city comics you can travel places to places even go to moon with few hubs to exploration,shopping and talk to people and that all have to say Leave comments down,any questions I answer,got ideas like improve this spin off and what you're thought's",1562544307
cd05vd,A Mobile K-POP Simulator Game,"*I upload this in r/makemygame* *Note :I am a 12 years boy that don't know how to code. So, sorry if i kinda sound cringe and i am not one of those koreaboos who think their favorite idol are god. Also, please note that english is not my first language.* The game is a 2d graphic idol simulator game. The game will simulate a Kpop idol life. The player will start at a random set of character's life, talent, and appearance. The game will have 4 phases of life in this game Search Phase The player will start at a random age (12-16) and a random set. For excample : Name :Jessica Lexa Age :15 Nationality :American Life :Normal Family :Normal Talents Vocal :58/100 Dance :82/100 Rap :75/100 Visual :63/100 Composing :73/100 Lyiricism :70/100 Entertaining :35/100 Acting :32/100 The player will go to audition for agencys or scouted by agencys. The player also maintaning their life and training, There will be a minigame for audition that will increase success rate to be recuited. If you go to a small agency audition and the amount of other contestants, the success rate will also increase.But, if you go to a big agency audition and the amount of contestants, the success rate will be lower. Now for the scouted route. You can be scouted if you are popular, amazed an agency CEO at random times or amazed an agency CEO at contest or competition. Trainee Phase After joined a an agency, you will train and pepare for debut. In this Phase, when you want to train a talent. You can only train once per turn. If you manage to get the max score at the minigame , you will received +3 points. If you manage to get the worst score at the minigame, you will received -5 points. In this Phase, you also need to raise your popularity if you want to debut faster . Popularity can be achieved by doing v live, be a backup dancer, cameo on a mv, cf, sosial media, youtube, or survival shows Idol Phase In this Phase, your position will be decided by your talents points and popularity. The group name, Singles, and album will be decided by the player. For example : Group Name :Cosmostic Agency : kawa media group (kiwi media group) Fandom : Costs Debut song :Charm Members Yina : Leader, Lead vocalist, visual, lead dancer J.L : Lead rapper, vocalist, lead dancer Geona : Center, face of the group, main raper, vocalist, main dancer Wancha : main vocalist, visual Making a single will need playing a minigame.In this Phase, you can do all idol do. The group will be disbanded if there's a problem or the group contract not renewed After Phase This is the last Phase, where you chose what career you gonna chose after your idol life",1563087994
cc53ly,Ideas...,"Hey, I really want to make a 2d game! I have the skills needed, but I have no ideas! Any ideas, and make sure it's in 2d! Thanks!",1562899353
cbu6gv,Brutal police game,"There is barely any police based games out there. What i have in mind is agame where you play as a police which has to go on missions and they can turn out in diffrent ways. If you act aggresivly the suspect might get frightend and start shooting. I think massive shootouts would be pretty fun. &amp;#x200B; Also much gore and REALISTIC gun sounds like from squad, sounds that pops and crackles.",1562841365
ca0fcm,Subway Surfers but with Sonic the Hedgehog characters instead,"And you collect rings and powerups across the various Sonic locations. Playable characters Sonic, Tails, and Knuckles, and unlockables Shadow, Rogue, Blaze, Silver, Amy, Cream, and Metal Sonic. Each one with their own different quirks, like, Tails can fly, Knuckles can glide, etc Also unlockable outfits like Classic style, or Sonic boom style (or live action movie Sonic style, just for the laughs) Should be pretty easy. Just take Subway Surfers and edit it a bit to change and add stuff. It's such a good match I'm surprised Sega hasn't done it yet",1562457148
cbalcs,Mobile platformer/puzzle game,I've always liked the mobile game called Alchemy. I thought it would be fun if it was added to a platformer. After each level you could get a chance to combine elements. Each new combination could be a power up.,1562725054
ccyszn,RogueLike with good NPC,"This whole idea is for anyone who actually have some programming skill or like the whole idea. In the last weeks i have been ""working"" the game in my mind and since i don't know how to code I'm writing this post. The games that serve as some sort of inspiration for my idea are Dwarf Fortress, Kenshi, Rimworld, Warband, Sunless Sea/Skies, CDDA, BattleBrothers, Heat Signature and other games in the Rogue Like/Lite genre. I'm quoting this games so the reader can understand from where my train of thought started. I will divide this post in 3 parts. The First(1) a small rant about why this game idea came to my mind. The second(2) a ""short"" explanation of what the game is supposed to be and the third part(3) some mechanics and features that i imagined for the game. &amp;#x200B; 1- Why. &amp;#x200B; I absolutely love the games that i mentioned. But just because i love them it doesn't mean that there aren't things i dislike about them, the same could be said about the ""roguelike"" genre. Something that i find hard to find is good NPC characters with certain depth and the possibility to interact with them in more ways than ""i attack, i recruit, i help"" and with NPC more complex and with ""objectives"", so they aren't a static mission giver/merchant. Rim World and Dwarf fortress get it right in the sense of rich NPC, but both games are base building oriented with DF adventure mode being an afterthought ( and being DF). Kenshi on the other hand is a game oriented to team building but the NPCs in your party are just silent drones that do as you command without a question. This first part might be a mess to understand but i thing that you reader can get the idea of it &amp;#x200B; 2- The Game  To make a short comparative review the Game ( as i will call this nonexistent game) would be based on 3 modes. The world view is based on a 2dtile grid ( hex/square) world that would be created in the start of each games( akin to DF and RM). The world would be filled with different kinds of environments, locations, villages, cities, shrines, temples etc. The player would traverse the world map in a way similar to Battle Brothers ( and Warband in the sense that you have a combat mode and a travel mode). Players can interact with the map by gathering resources from a tile his actions range( Thea camps) like wood and meat from Forest, stone and ore from mountains etc,etc,etc. Natural resources can be depleted, natural disasters can change the world's geography, rivers can run dry( and the land by its side would experience droughts), forests could catch fire, villages razed to the ground or new castles built. I know that it is cliche but the world would be ""alive"". Things change by the players actions and the NPC actions too. Maybe The kingdom of Averadia chopped down the forests near its capital so now trading wood with them is a profitable trade. The narrative like quests and events will happen ( the second mode, a series of text based adventure) by popping a window and starting a text adventure game where the player will have to make choices like how to deal with an obstacle on the road, meeting other travelers or even random or determinable quest chains. Those events help to shape the world and change history. In the same sense that i wrote in the last paragraph about the world changing the relations between factions, the world would change too. Maybe the King of Averadia was killed by a Normapolis assassin, so now the new Averadia King declares war on Normapolis, dragging soldiers, mercenaries and resources into the fray,and creating the opportunity to the player take part in it by trading with said factions, making favors to them or even fighting the conflict. The text part is to create a nice lore and narrative in a simple way. So the third part is the ""combat"" or a moment where the player assume direct control of his character. In a way similar to Warband, this moments occurs where battle would happens or visiting a city or village. The game would look similar to things like Darkwood, Hotline Miami or Heat Signature, in the sense that is a ""spirte"" based with a top-down oriented camera. Combat would be ""real time"" where the player decide what kind of attack he make by directly controlling its character( allied npc or companions could be controlled by a tactics screen or by giving direct orders). So lets say the player character have a sword and a shield in hand. By activating the sword hand the player could chose if the character make a horizontal swing, a vertical swing or a thrust attack. If the enemy character fails to block or evade, the attack hit a part of the body wounding and reducing the general health. Others skills, spells and items can be used in this part of the game. The combat part should reward player skill and strategy in a sense that a more defensive approach for combat is valid and a more aggressive more high risk- high reward is possible too. A high level enemy can be killed by a skilled player with bad gear or by a newer player with better gear. The exploration and navigation inside cities and other things like that happens with the top down camera too. ( and if the player decide to mow down people in the market square is free to do that). In this direct control section the player character can interact with the environment, visit building, open locks, pickpocket, and talk with the npcs. Now for the best part. Each npc can be fully interacted with, from the king to the beggar, the priest to the heretic. Each one in generated with the world and have its own goals and traits. The ""talk"" action opens a new tab where you can chose a series of options and subjects to talk with each npc who will react in a different manner. Take quests, recruit, marry, rival, trade or just talk, share a drink to become buddies. Each npc have a its own characteristics based on its race, culture and personal quirks that are either created with them or acquired. Limbs and health are kept track too. Every living soul of the Game world have its own story and can be fully interacted with. They have a routine, need to work, eat and sleep. No npc who have only one line and stays in the same place 24h. The difference between them and the player character is that the later is not controlled by the ""AI"" &amp;#x200B; I will take a break and write the part 3 later. So, i wait for you opinions or for someone to just say ""hey man, its shit"". Both are equally valid feedback.",1563077677
cbk2g4,A 3rd person view game starring the rock as himself,"You start out waking up in his house and do some basic tasks like make coffee amd work out then drive to the studio and get some autograph requests along the way to work on his latest action movie and you play out some action scenes with aliens with cameras rolling or whatever it is but then they end up being real aliens or. Monsters and the rock at first doubts himself to deal with them because he is ""just an actor"" but then he ends up slowly becoming a true hero as the game progresses and saves the world. It would be so fun to have him as a voice actor the entire game.",1562781648
cavizg,The stone of sorrow,"LOG-354B-A STONE OF SORROW &amp;#x200B; All the hate, Sorrow ,Pain in the whole universe was so, so, strong that it manifested, into the stone of sorrow, a purple stone containing ALL THE HATE FROM THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE, and its slowly cracking, releasing a gas, any living being that both inhales, and gets surrounded by the gas, will be turned... into something so hatefull, that the universe wont be able to handle, giving it a glitchy aspect, the strongest of them all, are turned into Knights of sorrow, strong, anihilators, who protect the stone, the forces containing the stone are fleeing, Anyone who finds this log, take the tool beside the log, it Should ""uncorrupt anything infected"", you will need to discharge it somewhere, at some point, NOW GO! and destroy HER! &amp;#x200B; END OF LOG...",1562643968
ccvjug,Need 2D Game ideas...,"Hello, i really need ideas for a platformer / TD 2d games.",1563057734
ccuzd9,3D Biblical Game Idea | also Looking for help,"So as the title suggests its a biblical game based on the 255 stories based on the bible This would be a 3D Game, where each ""chapter"" is a single Unity3D Scene which progresses with the player through the chapters. ### Example: The first chapter/scene would be of: God raining down with the creation of the planet, then the creation of man and of women (adam, and eve) after this, you would enter free-roam mode, which you are stuck in a walled/fence surrounding the ""Garden of Eden"" which you must eventual task to eve after you catch her talking to a snake and eating an apple, then she will offer you the apple and then you will make a choice to eat it which after words, you get kicked out of heaven. God would narrate the punishment... etc... etc.... towards the above chapter is stories: - 1. Creation - 2. Adam and Eve References: - [bible chapters](https://bible.org/book/export/html/21042) Contact: - Email: deanvg9000@gmail.com",1563054612
c9us0u,Fps shooter Zombies survival game.,"A first person shooter game with maps, plays like call of duty zombies but with round limit and more difficult. When in map you earn 'points' to use on in-map stuff, wgen you're back to base you will be able to build a few buildings like gold mine, which takes gold and time to upgrade. Game would be free on steam and be a 'free to play' game with microtransactions, coins would be used to upgrade gun perks, buy and unlock guns, and more. I plan on making lots of 'difficulty' combined with survivability with progress aswell. The reason I got this idea is I love cod zomvies and same WWZ but that game doesn't do 'enough' for me because cod zomvies has no ending besides ee neither difficulty while wwz is very fun but the reward system lacks a LITTLE bit.",1562426781
cbbj5w,I got a small idea but it’s I think kinda good,So your in a happy go lucky world everything is good You solve puzzles or play mine games and after each room you take a pill But after a while the start to wear off only at the end of the room So you have a small one-ish minute time frame to escape if they catch you they chloroform you and you get put into another room Then you start to realize some of rooms are the same and you can find way to escape them with out going over the time limit Then you can escape this hellish fever dream Just to find out your in a mirror house and your hallucinating with real monster roaming around You have to avoid these real monsters for they will make a clicking noise Then if you get out of there something else would happen like a chase through the woods or something else like it,1562730295
cavnlf,Egyptian game on the god Anubis,I know I might have spelled a few things wrong but I don't care. As for the game idea should be in an Egyptian area where you get to fight a bunch of anubis warriors. Like in the movie the Mummy returns. As for game details know Idea somebody else can do that. Just figured I say an idea of a game that could be good.,1562644724
cci201,Grand Theft Auto VI Trailer - Project Americas (December 2020),"[Watch Grand Theft Auto VI Trailer](https://youtu.be/yifrtkfna5U) &amp;#x200B; "" Your Past, Present and future has a legacy, as does #NewLibertyCity and other #StatesOfAmerica...""",1562972836
cal0jj,Need an idea for a quite easy game to make in scratch.,,1562592428
c1nlzh,A God sim where you have to prevent the humans from discovering they are just part of a simulation in your computer.," This idea was inspired by the recent Elon Musk interview at E3 2019 (find it on Youtube). &amp;#x200B; A 'God' sim where you have to prevent the human inhabitants figuring out they are just part of a simulation. Out of your control, the humans develop more and more advanced technologies over time. From fire, metal refining, electricity, space travel, quantum physics, etc. Like to begin with the stars and planets are just a sky-box, and the game is, you have to add real planets before they develop telescopes etc. Like laying road just before the run over it. If they figure out they're just a simulation in your computer, then its game over.",1560778608
c0fc0p,Story ideas are not game ideas,"So many people post their story ideas here calling them game ideas. * You're a superhero who turns into a supervillain - comic book/movie idea * You're a nazi officer who realises what's going on and becomes a rebel - movie idea * You're a robot in the future who uncovers the truth about robot society, that it's secretly being run by these things called humans - movie idea These are not game ideas. They're stories.",1560483428
c2k6rj,"Road Trip - an online social VR game where you join strangers taking turns driving cross country in cars, vans and RVs.","It's like a mix between VR Chat and Euro Truck Simulator. When you first start, you're spawned roadside signaling to hitchhike. If you aren't picked up, you can refresh to spawn ahead of some other ride. When you get picked up, you just hang out with people, talk, enjoy the passing scenery, stop at roadside attractions, get food at dive troughs, and all arguing have a fun road trip. Players can take turns driving the semi-automated vehicle. Once you're done, you can ask to be dropped off. Or worst case scenario, you jump out the window. What else can I say. I really enjoy road trips and they can make a great social setting in VR.",1560966441
c0pou3,GAME IDEA TEMPLATE,"For some background, I'm an intermediate indie game developer who would like to see this sub grow. I know what it takes to make and pitch a game, and find most idea posts on this sub are missing the mark. Use the below template to ensure your idea can be translated into a game. There is a TLDR copy/paste version at the bottom. ----------  [TITLE] A one-sentence overview of what your game is all about. Ex: 'The player is a cat, hunting a mouse that lives in the walls.' [BODY] *Name* (Your best idea for what the game should be called): 'Whiskers' *Main Mechanic* (what the player will be spending most of the time doing): 'The player sneaks around the house, deducing the mouse's current hiding place through visual sound waves and scratching noises. When the mouse makes a break for the food, the player does everything they can to catch the mouse.' *Side Mechanics* (secondary features to make the game more fun): 'Stealth and acrobatic movement, using the terrain such as couches and kitchen chairs to get around faster. Multiple mice on harder levels.' *Story* (The main story idea if your game has one): 'The cat is left alone at the house, and must protect the food under a time limit until the owners get home.' *Similar to* (games or references that your game relates to for added clarity, usually a 1-sentence pitch): 'Whack-a-Mole meets Assassin's Creed.' *Advanced Features* (Features that could be added in if made by a strong enough team, but are not needed for the game to function): 'Mouse mode, where the player plays the same level but as the mouse instead of the cat. Multiplayer mode, with 1-2 cats and 2-4 mice. Co-Op mode with 2 cats or 2 mice, etc. Level design mode. Outside mode.' ----------  While some of this stuff might seem extra, this information is really important for sharing something as complex as a game idea. It gives someone a foundation from which to build game mechanics, come up with a story and visual style, without becoming lost or confused by your idea. If sharing a game idea with someone feels like you are telling them about a vague dream, then you probably need to think about your idea a little bit more before sharing. TL;DR / COPY AND PASTE FORMAT *NAME:* *MAIN MECHANIC:* *SIDE MECHANICS:* *STORY:* *SIMILAR TO:* *ADVANCED FEATURES:*",1560548592
bxw42e,Civ but backwards,"You start with a bustling, happy, utopian civilization. Everyone is honest, compassionate and hardworking. Your goal is to ruin it. You research new bad things and introduce them to the society. You find synergies of things that work extra well (badly) together, like racism + corruption = oppression. Research options include: *Deception *Racism *Corruption *Greed *Paranoia *Jealousy *Slavery *etc",1559922239
byhf77,A Stardew Valley-type game about Necromancy!,"(If this seems familiar, it's cause I posted it over half a year ago and I'm reposting it now so it might inspire someone) This is what I was thinking Gravekeeper would be like before I read into it and it was not (still a great game tho, check it out) You are an aspiring necromancer in a medieval town, filled with unique people. You want to take over the town with an army of undead, become rich, or become a lich. You yourself can't immediately go into combat. You are very weak and have no weapons, and those don't come cheap. You also have no bodies yourself. You could go to the graveyard to dig up skeletons, but they are extra suspicious if seen and they are pretty weak. The other ways of getting corpses involve... Murder. You could have dug up a couple skeletons and have them kill someone in their house, or you could just poison someone by slipping something you made out of the mushrooms in the woods into their drink at the tavern. Necromancing a body isn't as simple as casting a spell and it stands up. No, you need materials. Heal up any wounds that caused them to die, hold their bones together properly with straps, and maybe give them enhancements! You can use your minions to work on a farm that you own. Just don't let anyone see the ones that are decaying, skeletons, or just flat out ghosts. [Check out this mod for Skyrim](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/35378/) for some other ideas (obviously the game wouldn't look like that though, I'm thinking a cute pixel-ish style as Graveyard Keeper and Stardew Valley are) # **Potential Types of Undead:** * **Skeletons** are the weakest and most suspicious, but are also the easiest to put back together when an angry villager kills them. They can also be taken apart for easy transport. They have far less emotional impact than others if spotted, since they are totally unrecognizable from when they were alive. * **Zombies** are less obviously undead. You may need to embalm them and put makeup on so they don't rot as quickly and look more human. They are also more efficient than skeletons, but wounds on them will be much harder to fix. * **Revenants** are probably the best there is. Indistinguishable from real people and they work better than a normal person, but you have to raise them immediately after death. The rites involved in bringing them back also involve trapping a minor demon in the body and convincing it that it is the original person, now wanting to work for you. They will spend time with their family still, though. No suspicion about them going missing, but less time spent working. They also retain their memories, so they'll remember if you were their friend in life. If they find evidence of their death, they may seek out revenge on the killer (which could very well be you). * **Ghosts** are harder to get. You don't need an intact body, but you will need to yank their soul out of Heaven. They aren't suspicious unless someone gets close to them, but they can turn invisible and go through walls to avoid people. * **Mummies** take a long time to make, are suspicious due to their wrappings, but are _very_ efficient. They are practically unstoppable in combat and can curse those that they don't kill with a glance. * **Monstrosities** are made out of multiple bodies stitched together and brought back using a lightning strike going through a magic rod. They are more intelligent and strong than a revenant, and they can pass as a normal (albeit ugly) human. They might shirk their duties to explore the village. They might fall in love with a specific villager and never tell you. Then you might end up killing that villager. Monster is not happy. * **Wendigos** are also very powerful, but you can't control them at all. The player doesn't know this at first, though. You don't make them the same way you would a normal undead. A living person needs to eat human flesh. Due to your heroic blood, you don't turn from eating it yourself (you just get sick). It is a slow process. The target will become more pale and will go to the store to buy food more often. Eventually, they will try to kill the nearest other NPC (even if its family). They will then eat them, fully turn, and run off into the woods. A series of attacks and raids on pantries makes you realize that no one can defeat it but you. You must set up a trap (which you can also use on human and animals) for it. If caught, you may either kill it or attempt to tame it. Taming is resource intensive and you will need to get it either _a ton_ of animal meat, or a pretty big amount of human meat. # **For the Story:** You have lived in the village your whole life. Your father was a great adventurer. He saved the village from a lich many years ago (there is a statue to his deeds in the town square). He kept trophies from that day in his estate and farm that he retired on. As you grew up, you would read all the books around the house. Then you found the Necronomicon, which used to be the lich's. You really wanted to try out that real, honest-to-goodness magic, but you couldn't get an opportunity. Then your father died. You were so excited to bring him back, but the bastard went and got cremated. But that won't stop you. You _will_ try the spells. You set out to find and/or make a dead body. No one in town recognizes you, since you only rarely left your house. # **NPCs:** One of the villagers seems pretty shady. If he finds out about your ""practices,"" then you wake up in the middle of the night with him standing over you. He reveals that he is a lich, an apprentice of the one your father killed. He offers to decode parts of the Necronomicon for you, for a price. The price isn't always in gold. An old man is still angry at you, your family, and all adventurers because your father once broke into his house and broke all his pots. He is automatically suspicious of you. If you do anything that makes him more suspicious, he investigates your farm. If he sees a monster, he dies of a heart attack immediately. His bones are too frail to make a good skeleton and his body wouldn't hold together as a zombie. You have to bury him before they go looking for him. # **Rituals:** Rituals will involve ingredients that you must harvest from the forest or buy. Most will be found from the Necronomicon. Not all of them involve raising the dead. I won't mention those ones here since they should be pretty simple, but I'll put ideas for methods if you want. * A **Suggestion**-like spell that lets you influence someones behavior for either the day of the casting or the next day. You change their schedule so that instead of, say, going to the store, they instead go to the tavern. They get their drink, go outside, leave it sitting, go somewhere else, then come back to drink it. While they are gone, you could poison it. Or you could have someone go into the forest, where a group of undead or a beartrap waits for them. You need a sample of the person and some Valerian Root, though. Maybe some spit wiped off a mug or a hair that you take off of their bed. Or maybe the storekeeper decides to keep the place open for a while. If anything goes wrong and they notice, they will break free from the spell. Depending on the amount of Valerian Root used in the spell, the suggestion can last anywhere from a single hour to several days. * A **Calming** spell. It makes people far less suspicious of incredibly suspicious behavior for a few hours and they can build emotional attachments to you quicker. If cast on someone who is tracking you down, they will give up their search temporarily. You need a sample, just like the above spell. You also need Chamomile Petals. The amount of petals used can drive the spell from a fraction of an hour to several days. * Spells that **Alter Weather**. The different spells will have different effects and varying levels of suspicious-ness. You can make it rain, storm, or snow so that people don't explore the forest (where you will be sacrificing a live victim or some other sinister deed). However, snowing in the summer will be suspicious, as will a warm day in the Winter. There may be some components out there that let you cause some slightly less ordinary weather phenomenon, like tornadoes, rains of daggers, a supernatural fog, or make it start raining cats and dogs. * A **Divination** spell. Don't have the time to find out someones schedule, find out what they are doing in that locked shed, or want to see them die from your poison without having to be there? Just buy a crystal ball, get some incense, then relax and spy on it all! You get to see a visual representation of their schedule for the next week and you can spy on what they are doing right now! * A **True Ressurection** spell. Did you accidentally poison the wrong guy? Fall in love with someone, but they try to deliver you flowers and get torn apart by hordes of the dead? Well, high-level necromancers will be able to _truly_ bring someone back. They will have no memory of the hour before their death or their afterlife. It even works no matter how long the person has been dead, and they will be completely demon free! Thing is, to truly bring back a life, you have to truly take one. You must murder someone in an unhallowed site (an abandoned graveyard, a ruin in the forest, a previous murder scene, etc.). Their body will be totally evaporated and their soul will never reach an afterlife. Your lover/wrong target/torture victim, however, will be good as new! The last time I posted this, someone asked &gt;In this game idea of yours, what would be the moment-to-moment gameplay? Here's the answer I put, for completeness: Well, your goal will likely change throughout it. Build relationships with the villagers, avoid letting your minions get seen, and have your minions do the grave dirty work on your farm. When you decide you need new servants (old ones becoming decayed or wandered off to be murdered by an inquisitor), you try to find a way to kill one of the villagers, and you have to pick wisely. Not everyone is an asshole that has it coming. You would also try to accomplish goals to get money or materials to give to your good lich friend so they can decrypt the Necronomicon. You may also need to defend said book and your other treasures later on from hired thugs, clerics that find out your secret, cultists looking to resurrect the previous owner of the book, and just other necromancers that want it. The stealthier you are, the less likely for any of those to happen, though the more magic-based ones could find you even if you are the stealthiest in the world thanks to their seers. There is also procuring the materials for your rituals, like lichdom and resurrecting stuff. There might even be other rituals, like ones that make it rain the next day so your undead don't have to be out as long or so you can change someones schedule, or use a voodoo doll to make someone want to go somewhere they normally wouldn't.",1560061432
bzw9ai,Steampunk hacking simulator,"You're an elite hacker in a goofy steampunk world. The ""computers"" are powered by mice running through mazes, water being poured from one jar to another, ropes that ""network"" to other computers when you pull on them, displays powered by scribbling styluses, etc. You have to hack into various other systems in strange ways (drug the mice, set the ropes on fire (disabling the firewall, of course), cranking the computer gears backwards (to recreate the last user's input), that kind of thing.",1560371171
c3q0yy,Stop the assassin,"You are an good agent that is sent to places where an assassination will occur. You know who will be assassinated, but not who will do it. There will be a lot of people in these locations, and you have to find the assassin by analyzing strange behavior in them. You must find a way to intercept the assassination and keep the target alive. Killing the assassin is allowed, but only under certain circumstances. You also don't have to kill them. You win if: 1. The assassin is killed without anyone knowing it was a murder/ away from everyone without them finding out. 2. The person is stealthily knocked out and captured; this is a good way to get info. 3. Another way is found to not have the assassination take place. You lose if: 1. Innocent Civilians see you knock out or kill the assassin. 2. Any innocent civilians are harmed. You're a good guy, you don't do that. 3. The target of the assassination is killed. There could also be some sort of online multiplayer. This game is meant to test people's creativity. It seems like a fairly good idea!",1561212061
c4tcbt,Territorial domination/survival as a cat in a quiet sprawling suburb,"Top-down map, like GTA1, but the map is a randomly generated quiet suburb, with streets, gardens, houses etc. You're a cat, who has to stay fed but also you want a big territory. Free food at home but you can climb trees and fences to get out and about. Catch little animals to eat, and fight other cats as you venture into the neighborhood. Watch out for cats in their own garden because they have home advantage. Avoid dogs, cars and sprinklers!",1561402118
c5ed7l,A 2D platformer/shooter where you have one comically sized bullet that controls gravity,"So I’m about to start my adventure of game design and I was wondering what you guys thought of my first idea. Basically you have a 2D platformer full of enemies that you must kill with one reusable bullet that can control gravity. The two main abilities will be pulling the bullet towards you and pulling stuff towards the bullet. For example, shoot something then press a button to pull the bullet back and reload, or shoot something at something then pull yourself too the bullet and retrieve it from the enemy’s body. Then there will be other abilities branching out from that. Like pulling the bullet out of an enemy will cause them to start bleeding, or pulling yourself towards the bullet will make you punch and stun the enemy. I don’t have a name yet but I do have a rough step by step plan for it’s development. Also it’s a 2D pixel art platformer because I don’t want my first game to be focused on graphics.",1561493292
bwunqo,"Something like TF2, except only support classes, so you have to be creative to actually deal damage.",,1559685298
c4i0jh,"A game like Pokémon, except you’re a witch and you use a spell book to capture and summon monsters.","Here’s another horror(ish) game idea I had, except this one is a little bit more fleshed out. The basic goal is, as the title suggests, to hunt down and capture monsters using an ancient spell book, and you can summon them back to fight alongside you. The catch is that, if you keep them out for too long, they’ll go berserk and attack you, and you’ll need to either fight back to subdue them, or seal them back using the book. Since you’re a witch, you’ll be able to use magic(duh), but it’s limited, and it can easily run out if you’re not careful, especially when you use the book to capture or summon monsters. There would be upgrades, sure, but it’s something the player would need to watch out for. For the horror aspects, I think that, since the player would have to conserve magic energy for the most part, there should be a few stealth mechanics for when there’s a particularly tough monster that you’re not equipped to deal with. A little bit like Breath of the Wild in that regard. Apart from that, I think the monsters, while they’re not ALL demonic grotesque freaks of nature, should be at least intimidating enough for the player to feel uneasy. Going back to the Breath of the Wild comparison, while I don’t really want it to be an RPG like Pokémon, I think there should be some RPG elements. The player should be able to get progressively stronger, and certain skills (magic, strength, stealth, etc) would be upgrade-able. I could describe it more, like the story and the world the game takes place in, but the details are very fuzzy and inconsistent, and this doesn’t really seem like the sub for that kind of thing anyway. I just wanted to describe the basic concept and mechanics. I’ll admit, the idea is a little ambitious for someone with zero game design experience, and my overall vision is a little...Triple A-ish, but it’s still something that I’d like to see come to life, and I may consider pursuing a career in this field just to try and make it happen. Maybe I’m just crazy, I don’t know. What are your guys’ thoughts?",1561349266
c8mfx3,First idea: Festival tycoon - Taking a year off to follow my dream,"I'm taking a full year off to follow my dream and create a game. This would be my second game. I have a couple of ideas for games that I would like to build myself. This is one of them. Would you be interested in a game like this? Name: Festival Tycoon Main Mechanic: Build the infrastructure around a successful festival. I've worked in the entertainment industry for several years. Mainly taking care of the technical aspects for instance a few of the biggest festivals in the Netherlands. There is a lot to take care of to build up a grand festival. Think about the logisitics of transporting huge amounts of people in little time to and from the festival. Taking care of those people during the party. Making sure the stages are accessible and organised. Supplying power, sound, music, artists, water, toilets, medical emergency stations, security, etc. And I'm not even talking about dealing with the weather conditions yet. Side mechanic: Maybe build up a festival franchise, starting with managing a small club. Could also add an artist booking mechanic where you have to way the cost versus artist populairity. And hopefully attract enough visitors in order to get return on your investment. Story: Not sure if this type of game benefits from a story. Similar to: The infrastructure part of sim city and cities skyline. The entertainment factor of several theme park/rollercoaster tycoon games. Advanced features: As mentioned before, a carreer mode starting small.",1562149548
c48t3x,A horror game where the monster is your childhood imaginary friend,"This is an idea that came to me a couple years back, but I’ve never really built upon. Basically, you play as someone who is haunted by an imaginary friend from their youth. The reason for this is, after the MC stopped playing with their imaginary friend (most likely due to their parents’ concern for their mental well-being), the imaginary friend began tormenting the MC in the form of nightmares and hallucinations where it appears more monstrous instead of cute and cuddly. And that’s really the gist of it. I’m not sure what the goal would be, what the gameplay or mechanics would be like, Hell, I’m not even sure if this concept would be adapted well into video game form. It’s just a neat little idea I had.",1561313404
c35xrg,So this is kind of dark...,"I thought of this after having a nightmare. What if there was a game about a woman who miscarried and was haunted by the idea. Nothing supernatural, shes just going insane. She does average daily tasks like mowing the lawn, but when she looks into the top floor window, a baby face stares at her. When she vaccums, the sound of a baby crying grows from inaudible to a sound barely overlaying the vacuum. When she tries to go on a hike to clear her mind theres rustling in the bushes. She starts to run and then comes across a old baby bottle. She breaks down crying and returns home. In the middle of the night after going to sleep, she gets up to get water and walks past a room (meant to be a nursery) where a baby lays sleeping in a crib. I dont know where to go with the whole story but I like the idea of a subtle psychological horror game. I feel it could be easily accomplished by indie developers and for all I know its already been done. Everything listed above is just ideas of how the game could be subtle but still scary.",1561090367
bzon92,Dining Room (VGC) Video Game Concept,"Your Vehicle crashes on the side of the road, there is no repair shop for miles to fix your vehicle, but there is a mansion close by that you travel towards that may house you for awhile, to take shelter from this downpour of rain. You ring the doorbell and you are greeted to an older woman that seems to be in her 60's whos appears to be the owner of the mansion. She agrees to house you under one condition, ""you must stay for dinner before you rest my dear"" she says. &amp;#x200B; You enter the dinner room where you are surrounded by paintings, each of the paintings interests you, creating an atmosphere that comforts you, the older woman returns to sit across from you at the table. You both talk about the paintings and the mansion itself. During your communication with her, the lights go out, than they go back on after a few minutes, you noticed that the paintings in the dining room have changed, there is no character within them, but you don't say anything about that. &amp;#x200B; Dinner is almost ready and the older woman asks you if you can retrieve the other guests who are in the mansion somewhere, she opens the other doors of her mansion for you to search for the other guests before dinner starts, the guests seem to be a little violent towards you, they despise the living, but soon enough you realize the guests are the characters in the paintings that disappeared. &amp;#x200B; You have to lure the guests in a blank canvas, to trap them within a blank painting to put them back in their paintings, in the canvas, you overlay the old painting with the trapped guest painting to return them to their own paintings, than your finished. Once you accomplished finding all the guests, dinner begins where you feast on a banquet, a lavish dinner celebrating your acceptance in becoming an art piece yourself, without you saying anything. &amp;#x200B;  The guests all start chasing you around the mansion, but now you have to destroy their paintings which are now scattered all over the mansion, besides them you have to destroy the older woman's painting to finally end the nightmare, but it wouldn't be just over yet. The Butler and Maid who served the dinner are the real owners of the mansion who trap you in their paintings, they are the original artists ever since the very beginning, you are now an art piece in their world.",1560328653
c8eyt1,Rogue-Like Dating Sim," A while ago I came to the realization that the typical dating sim is a terribly harmful representation of relationships aimed at folks who stereotypically struggle in those areas. The typical game play loop is as follows: Pick your waifu, then bend the universe to make them like you by saving and reloading before every dialog option to make sure you say the right thing, as the player unhealthily obsesses over one character. Not only is the obsession and universe bending problematic, but it also promotes a transactional view of relationships, which I believe to be at the heart of the “nice-guy” problem. Obviously this isn't a unique realization with games like Doki Doki Literature Club, but it got me thinking about what sort of core game-play loop most accurately represents a more realistic and healthy form of dating: Rogue-likes. The core loop would be as follows: a sped up tinder allegory would present you with, say, 3 people to go on a first date with. From there, you would NOT want to make your relationship last as long as possible, but as long as it should last. If you and your partner have a bad first date, that's should be end of that run. The player can go for other strategies, like a “hit and quit” build, but would suffer various debuffs to things like empathy (this would be more defined by the player breaking up soon after having sex with their partner rather than just general promiscuity, as there's nothing wrong with that). If your run goes relatively well but after a few months your partner cheats on you as a more extreme example, you would be encouraged to address it immediately, taking both run specific and permanent stat specific debuffs the longer it goes unresolved. In this example there could be some sort of risk reward mechanic involving trust and therapy or something. After each run, your experiences influence your stats. For example, a first date might be going to a movie, and your pop culture knowledge stat would go up a tad (mechanically that stat would help at the start of a relationship but would be pretty useless the longer it goes on). After a longer run you would start to upgrade stats like intimacy, emotional intelligence, sex appeal etc. after each run, depending on the length and how it ended, you would have a sort of feat choosing stage representing an introspective period where the player character is working on themselves while they get over things. For a run that lasts in game months or longer, this would take more in game time (not sure how that would manifest itself here) but also be more significant upgrades, like taking up a hobby that could help you connect strongly with a future partner. Where as for shorter runs you might just like, binge Netflix for a few days or something, get that pop culture stat up. I want the player to be able to skip this phase (the player character is aging through this whole thing, so time is a factor. It could also have some sort of desperation or “thirsty” stat, or maybe have some social function random (think high-school reunion)/scheduled (thanksgiving) events pop up where they are expected to have a partner, but that's a whole nother can of worms, especially in regards to stat effects, have some an independence stat go up if you go it alone but loose some social status or confidence maybe?) but doing so would provide a debuff for the next run. The longer run would be the entire life of the player character. I don't want the overall win state to be growing old with one partner or something, as I don't think that's everyone's path, though a run like that should be rewarded. I think having some sort of overall fulfillment stat that is measured over the player character's life would be a better way to score things. The biggest problem I have with this idea though is that I am not the most experienced man myself, and building this whole thing based on my very narrow experiences of this sort of thing would be foolish. Even if I were, I'm pretty young and if this is supposed to last until the nursing home I still wouldn't know all I would need to for this project. I'm looking for a lot of input here, both in terms of general thoughts on the core concept, as well as suggestions for stats, mechanics, interactions etc.",1562101183
bx7cxp,"An RPG in a post-apocalyptic setting, except the theme is nature versus man, as nature spirits (with Shinto influence a la Princess Mononoke) try to take back the land they once held and keep us from developing technology now that man has partially destroyed itself.","My girlfriend and I have binged a bunch of Ghibli movies and I find myself fascinated by the various nature spirits--it really makes the world feel incredibly alive, and opens the gateway in my mind to endless story possibilities. &amp;#x200B; I ended up reading about Shinto beliefs and saw the influence from it in not just Spirited Away and Princess Mononoke, but also games we loved like most Zelda titles and more recently, Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice. Suddenly a lot of objectives and plot points made more sense, and even tiny details I'd barely noticed before were now rich with symbolism and lore. &amp;#x200B; With that said, a lot of frustration in my life comes from general corruption in major powers or big companies, how many of them will sacrifice the well-being of nature and earth's future inhabitants because they see their bank account get a tiny bit bigger. Because of this, I find myself drawn to a games like Fallout, which in many ways is about the legacy of man's hubris and short-sighted nature. Rather than focus on developing technology to lengthen mankind's future or have the major superpowers work together for the common good, most of them instead waited until the last minute of earth's resources being plundered before suddenly going to war, annexing nearby countries and eventually destroying itself. Now the player finds themselves dealing with the aftermath, trying to rebuild society and deal with a world inbetween the stone age and our modern times, where small settlements rise up to claim some resemblance of a neighborhood before being destroyed by giant mutants with assault rifles--all the result of technology gone rogue. &amp;#x200B; But I'm a fan of branching stories, morally grey decisions, and major plot conflicts that don't have a discernible good guy. This is where much of the gameplay, quests, and plot becomes somewhat more complicated. &amp;#x200B; \*\*The Nature Side:\*\* &amp;#x200B; So perhaps the nature spirits originally respected mankind, but were beaten back and suppressed for thousands of years due to man's progress (somewhat akin to the raccoons in Pompoko, but with the major nature spirits being so weakened they entered a sort of slumber until man receded enough that they could rise and gain a truer form), and now all of nature sees man's progress as harmful. Some choose to befriend man and guide them down paths of progress that will result in furthering of technology, but in a way that ends with the two living in harmony, acknowledging that humans are still an important part of the world (perhaps this can tie into a sort of religion or even the will of the very earth. I enjoy the idea that Mother Earth is a personage and has a will, but is unable to act on it). Others choose warfair, seeing man as something abhorrent that does nothing but destroy in self-interest. &amp;#x200B; However, many are corrupted from radiation or pollution, and have reached a point of insanity, destroying both humans and fellow nature spirits, turning the land around them into a realm of death. &amp;#x200B; \*\*The Current State of Man:\*\* &amp;#x200B; Most original technology is completely destroyed or ""reclaimed"" by nature (perhaps completely overgrown or now guarded in secret locations to ensure humans can't find them). Some small settlements are dotted around the map, consisting of little more than farmers, a mill, a few homes, etc. One or two major towns with large fortifications exist, lead by a very decisive man or woman that protects their citizens and ensures the development of technology and the progress of mankind as a whole. Perhaps an advisor of theirs wants to go reclaim old tech capable of destroying at least the corrupted spirits, if not all the nature spirits that threaten humans, so that progress can be made without fear or bogged down by being focused on defense. Whereas another advisor/family member wants to work with the nature spirits and live in harmony. &amp;#x200B; This is where the player character comes in. Initially, you only have the choices of siding with the nature spirits to keep mankind in check/impede their progress, or siding with humans to destroy the nature spirits once and for all and achieve a form of peace, with a third more secret ending where you can join the two and make them work together (akin to the Light the Fire, End the Fire, and Become Lord of Hollows endings in Dark Souls 3). &amp;#x200B; Either way, the common big bads are the corrupted nature spirits. You journey around defeating those, gathering knowledge about the good and bad parts of both sides, before having to make a decision to either destroy the large city determined to end all the nature spirits, or side with them and preserve for technological progress. &amp;#x200B; What do you guys think? This is something I've been stewing on for a very long time and I'd like feedback.",1559765936
c1dw4n,The player is a hivemind trying to exert its reach across an entire world.,"Prophecy speaks of a great evil bent on consuming everything within its reach. Will you prove that prophecy true, or will you convince everyone you're actually a pretty cool guy? NAME: The Hivemind MAIN MECHANIC: You will slowly extend yourself across a planet as you grow. The game plays like a Civilization game. You gain ""evolution points"" by consuming organic creatures. You spend these points to grow ""buildings"" that allow you to exploit the resources near you or to produce armies to protect yourself from those who would bring harm to you. SIDE MECHANICS: Instead of conquest, you could try to be social and win the hearts of the inhabitants of the world. You can ""vassalize"" their cities if they want to help you grow while retaining their individuality. You can ""annex"" through war or peaceful means if they're willing to become a part of your mind. STORY: You are a hivemind that arrived to the planet via comet. Due to prophecy of your arrival, everyone thinks you're evil and wants to destroy you. It's up to you to prove them right or wrong. SIMILAR TO: Civilization series. ADVANCED FEATURES: If this game turns out to be a success, maybe gameplay can extend out into space.",1560713564
c82fe3,"Games where thousands of players are on the same screen (same thing displayed on thousands of screens), each controlling a small circle by mouse, forming into a blob of tentacles and various shapes, cuz you can move faster when near many others and slower when farther from others","Imagine an intelligent 2d blob reshaping itself based on each small part of the blob (a player) moving toward an edge only if they think others will follow while risking that if others dont follow they can move slower getting temporarily stuck where they risked to extend the blob, or if they predict and move like others well they stay in dense areas reshaping the blob as fast as a racing game. like star trek odo reshaping [https://youtu.be/CRN3HNxk4LY?t=81](https://youtu.be/CRN3HNxk4LY?t=81)",1562027466
c3hkr0,A multiplayer survival game where you start with stone age level technology and the highest tier technology is from the early iron age,"Basically the concept is that you start with flint tools then as you get better technology you get copper then to bronze then to early iron age,maybe at some point get the tech to invent basic farming so you no longer have to live like a hunter gatherer and maybe eventually tame and domesticate the wolf,goats cats and horses maybe,while all at the same time having to deal with creatures such as mammoths and saber-toothed tigers Also I'm new to this subreddit so I dont know exactly if this post fits the rules correctly",1561156665
c7sq2n,Combine RollerCoaster Tycoon and Age of Empires,"So ..Build a park, gain money, build barracks, create some soldiers, destroy enemy park attractions and kill visitors, use monorails to bring your trebuchets to the battlefield, build secret castles and bases under a park lake, explore enemy park with sheeps, attack park staff with archers...XD. What a concept XD",1561988554
c6cw8x,A zombie game where you slow time,"The game would have you being a person with the ability to slow time trying to buy a group of survivors time to escape. The premise would be this, a large hoarder of fast moving zombies are trying to eat a group of 4-18 survivors. The ai controlled survivors vs the horde of ai zombies. If you dont help then the survivors would surely die. This would make it much more like a puzzle game. The way you help would be pushing over furniture or closing doors. You would make traps so the horde is slowed. You must make sure that a good majority can escape.",1561679379
c76anp,Post Alien Invasion open world survival game,"Background: In 2022, several massive alien spacecraft entered Earth's atmosphere and made landfall on every continent. They released millions of different Bio-Mechanical robots designed to obliterate humans on sight. After about 70% of the human population was dead, the aliens set up bases and started strip mining all of the resources they needed and set up scattered colonies to monitor mines. After that, most ships left the planet. Game setting: Game takes place in upstate New Jersey (USA) in the year 2043 Crafting: Materials can be obtained from scrapping objects such as furniture and electronics, or can be found in containers and on dead npcs. Materials can be used to craft gun modifications, lighting, shelters, power sources, containers, armor, decorations,some melee weapons, and goods for trading. Many items require certain tools to craft. For example, crafting a wooden crate requires you to have a hammer and saw in your inventory. &amp;#x200B; Combat: My idea is for combat to be more realistic than in most games. Guns with a higher recoil will have much stronger recoil and will be very loud. Things like stocks and grips can reduce recoil and suppressors can reduce noise. Loud guns can damage hearing, making everything very quiet or silent temporarily. Weapons also climb; especially automatic rifles and high caliber pistols. Guns may also get jammed from time to time. Alien weapons cannot simply be used like any other gun fresh off of an enemy, but at a certain level you will be able to modify alien weapons into ones you can use. &amp;#x200B; Enemies section: I drew designs for a few of the enemies. You can find them here [https://www.deviantart.com/deathscronch9/art/Alien-Robot-Enemies-798521548](https://www.deviantart.com/deathscronch9/art/Alien-Robot-Enemies-798521548) (P.S i'm not a very good artist) Armed robbers: Other humans that try to kill you and take your things or break into your shelter and steal stuff. Weak to gunfire and stolen things can be retrieved after they are dead. Deos Iratos: Members of a radical cult that believe the aliens to be angels angry with how ignorant man has become. Taken: Humans who were abducted by aliens and were surgically modified with a CPU for a brain, arm mounted energy cannon, and fast robotic legs that reduce sound. While they can take more hits than most humans, they are relatively weak. Stalker: A human-sized stealth robot that can be armed with a burning laser or explosive particle launcher. Has the ability to turn invisible Pulser: A medium sized demolition and combat unit armed with a powerful laser cannon and the ability to mess with electronics Colossus: Massive alien war machine that shoots an incredibly powerful burning laser and can control vehicles. Will violently explode upon being destroyed. Veil: A multipurpose alien ship. Can fire explosive grenades that detonate on impact and leave acidic residue in their wake. Veils can deploy enemies and repair damaged and even some deactivated ones. Dart: Small aerial drones which unknown munitions that are extremely cold and explode violently on impact. Breacher: Huge ships that use electromagnets to completely tear apart anything in its path. The damage they inflict is similar to that of a tornado. (cannot be killed) Titan: Huge lumbering robot that can deploy smaller drones that seek out and destroy targets. Under: Rather small robot armed with Electric Emission Rays that can disable vehicles. Some encountered will be hiding underground waiting for a target to come near. &amp;#x200B; Weapons: Baseball Bat, Axe, crowbar, Meat Cleaver, Pocket knife, Baseball Bat, Dagger, Machete, Taser, Ballistic knife, Crossbow Glock 20, Ruger mk 4, KS-23, M-16, Ar-15, Thompson, Remington 870, Desert Eagle, AA-12, Flamethrower, Laser emitter, Handheld Plasma Discharger, Alien Shield, Frag Grenade, Incendiary Grenade, Acid Bomb, Poison Gas Canister, Flash Radiation Cannon, Quantum Mortar, RPG, Milkor MGL",1561851759
bz66d6,Multiplayer Make-A-Map,"Option in main menu where you create half of a playable field. Buildings, half covers, explodables, secrets only you might know, etc. When matchmaking for a game, two players half maps get chosen and put together in game. If made into a larger scale, have players make islands, islands would have chains that shoot and connect after x seconds. Could make it a tug of war mode where you have to pull islands over x line. You can either shoot at players or shoot at chains and it would disconnect making their island pull closer. Just the general idea of two halves of a map coming together created by players.",1560216257
c8akmp,Wrestle to the Rhythm," All wrestling games focus on the combat aspect of the sport, where you work on wearing down your opponent to eventually get the pin/submit. And that’s great, but I think it misses a big aspect of what makes wrestling so interesting: the fact that it’s semi-scripted. Yes, I like a good match, but matches are even better when you can’t see the “seams”, when you’re constantly guessing if the wrestlers are *really* hurt, or if such and such was *really* planned. It’s kind of like watching a magic show, in that you want to be fooled. A thought I had to simulate that as a video game is essentially a two player rhythm game. Call spots with the right stick, which actually sets up the next sequence of “notes”. How well you and your partner (or the computer for single player) hit those notes determines how well the move goes. Doing better allows you to do harder moves which gets you more heat from the audience. Mess up and it can wind up looking bad or even hurting each other for real.",1562081215
bz1my7,Open World Eldritch Horror Survival,"Imagine Minecraft. You can dig, build, create. But the monsters are not skeletons and spiders. They are massive building sized horrors that you cannot possibly fight. They hunt for you. They can hear you if you make too much noise when they are nearby. They actively destroy anything man-made(And use it as indicator to find you). They can burrow if they have to, and some Live underground, burrowing through the Earth. All you can do is desperately try to survive, build shelter, gather food and water.",1560192447
c0wxgq,Ideas for an engaging one-tap mobile game,"Hey r/gameideas, I'm looking for mobile game ideas that are simple to make, and require only the tap/swipe of the player.",1560602873
c348yw,An ARPG that rewards the player for writing a journal.,"It's a trope in every ARPG that somebody is out there writing journal entries about all of the things. I think it'd be a cool feature in an ARPG to have the player write a sentence or two about their adventures. In the town/hub there's some tome the player can write in. They can only write in it once per hourish time interval. As a reward, the player gets a random piece of loot. The game compares the player's text to keywords based on the last played content. If they use at least 1 keyword, they get some additional random loot. If they enter nonsense, an NPC make a snide remark. There could be a ton of NPC interactions, but I'd limit it to matching keywords or regular expressions for simplicity.",1561080183
c2azsd,Crazy Gun Ideas,I’m learning to program in UE4 Blueprints and trying to develop a game inspired by Ratchet and Clank. What are your crazy weapon ideas for a game in this style?,1560909098
c4svxs,A sandbox survival game but you are a mouse!,"I've been thinking of this game for a while now so I'd thought I'd share here! Basically, it'd be a Single player survival game where you can make a home, hunt and craft items the more you'd upgrade the better chances of being able to hunt bigger things and survive, along with exploring to find new areas which would have cities where you can sell what you have and buy better things to hunt.  The setting would be a normal world (that might be post-apocalyptic, not sure yet) but from the view of mice (and a few other small species) So their armor and tools would look like they're makeshift out of things they'd forage or thing's they hunted (like crab or Scorpion armor) Finding some NPCs you run into can teach new skills for fighting or magic for a fee. &amp;#x200B; **Difficulty** Even though the game would look cute I was thinking it could have the difficulty level of Monster Hunter! &amp;#x200B; **Main species:** Mice Rats bats Guinea pigs \----- (Other species I had thought about adding in but they're already way too much as it is so they'd probably be just npcs) Hamsters Chameleons Crocodile skinks Hedgehogs Skunk Possum Weasel Squirrel Sugar gliders Bunnies Moles Axolotl Frogs Geckos # Add-ons (Don't really need but just thoughts I had) **Fishing mini-games:** You can fish but there is a chance you can encounter something huge like a koi or a catfish which you'd have to fight. **Mounts:** You can find bird eggs to keep and raise as a mount or find a full-grown bird and attempt to tame it. The higher level you are in bird taming the better chance of gaining a flying or more aggressive mount like an eagle or an owl. **Gliders:** Just gliders that are actually Hercules beetles ('cause I think they're neat!) **Forming Bonds with NPCs:** talking to them or giving gifts to befriend them &amp;#x200B; **Cooking mini-game:** Just Cooking what you find and making recipes but some recipes can create poisons, Find recipes from Chef NPCs. Link for the concept art I've done so far, for a better visual! [https://docs.google.com/document/d/16R5L8YRZDNg6SKnYm7v4CRjLTto6T5rfjf1lXQrHJeY/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16R5L8YRZDNg6SKnYm7v4CRjLTto6T5rfjf1lXQrHJeY/edit?usp=sharing)",1561400547
bwm26w,1st or 3rd person Dodgeball game that is focused on skill shots and reaction times.,"Main focus would be competitive having either 4v4 or 5v5. Base dodgeball rules would apply, with rounds of best of 3. The easiest way to explain the attack and defence system would be to use “for honor” as a example. The game would have a selection of characters with different throws however all use the same movement and defence options. Each character would be given 1 universal throw, 2 unique throws, a block option and a feint option. A feint would be to fake a throw. The games defence options consist of dashes, blocks and catches. Dashes have a short cooldown giving the player the potential to dodge the ball but also punishing a player for doing the wrong dodge or dodge too soon/late. Players can dodge in every direction. Everyone can jump or crouch. Holding the jump or crouch button however makes you either lay flat on the ground or jump extra high however doing this is considered a dash. Holding the jump button and a direction will make you dive. In a dive you can throw a ball (only the universal throw), block, catch or for whatever reason take one for the team however makes you very vulnerable when you hit the ground therefore you’ll need a player to cover you when you hit the ground. A catch is similar to a dash in the sense that it has a small cooldown. Catching has a short window to pull off but if successful can bring a player back in the game. To balance this, if the catch is executed and no ball is near or the timing is wrong you will be stunned for a short time, making you vulnerable. The game is designed to have a rock scissors paper mentality, while also having strategy’s with the characters you pick and how you utilise their unique throws to either bait catches or focus players. However making sure that their is outplay potential with the fun dodges, saving teammates whether by catching or blocking. It could be a great way to have fun with tense moments. The game is influenced by for honor, rocket league and disc jam. Let me know your thoughts!",1559634349
c159sh,What do you want to see in a horror game?,I’m thinking about developing a new horror game and I want to know what you people want to see! Give me your best ideas and they might just turn into a new game for everyone to experience!,1560652894
bxnt6u,wario ware but in vr,"simply a game like wario ware but made for vr, not necessarily official wario ware. Quickly break all the vases, Stack all the cups, Hammer this nail in 5 seconds etc etc. Simple tasks to complete in a quick manner. Could see it being similar to job simulator, but its done with separated minigames instead.",1559865174
c72as7,Old Browser Curve Ball Game,"I've loved this game for like 15 years: https://www.curveball-game.com/ If someone made a new version of this that worked at high framerates, I would absolutely pay for it.",1561830453
byth32,City heists but the police have machine learning,Beyond my capabilities as a developer but perhaps if someone else has the knowhow I could help on the project. You run your coop crew through heists and the police are programmed with basic chase and shoot mechanics then as you continue playing the game the police learn your techniques for evasion and begin to learn where your hideout(s) are making each heist more difficult than the last but in a unique way forcing players to use well thought out plans as they escape the scene. It's something I could fake as a coder myself but not exactly the size of project I want to persue.,1560141022
c1gu7j,A massive war game where each game takes months to complete,"Do ya'll think this is cool? A massive war game (with open ended strategies and assignments) where there are two teams on one server. The map is absolutely massive, and there are a ton of bases that control a portion of land. Over the span of 3 months, the two teams will fight for control of these bases, with some being larger than others. At the end of the 3 months, the team with the most land wins the war, and the game is reset. &amp;#x200B; The combat would be a semi-realistic modern style, with hundreds of guns. There would be all kinds of vehicles (obviously), however they would be distributed sparingly. The teams would have radio channels and you could create squads with people you meet in game or your friends. There would be a way to talk to people close to you. The map would be mostly destructible. &amp;#x200B; The goal is to have hundreds of people on the server at once, so that the action is constant and the game is fast paced. The plans to capture bases would be entire up to the players to decide. Gaining xp would allow you to rank up in the game. The ranks don't do much, but when a player is high ranked, they can mark certain bases as targets to advise other players. &amp;#x200B; I think this would be pretty sick but idk :/",1560730038
c5qogs,"Tekken/MK style game with ""Chad"", ""Kyle"", ""Neckbeard"" style characters","Idea is based off [this image](https://i.imgur.com/0bMoart.jpg). For a special move, Kyle downs a monster and basically falcon punches the opponent. Chet actually does nothing, just stands behind lawyers and you see comic book style POWs/WHAMs except it says LAWSUIT/INJUNCTION/RESTRAINING ORDER. Neckbeard summons his waifu like Ashe's Bob in Overwatch. Brony that has a bunch of MLP characters follow him like Pikmen.",1561560307
c6uuzj,Please Give Suggestions on How to Make My Game Better :),"Okay so, this is my very first post here, but I just want to clarify some things before I talk about my game idea. First things first, I've been thinking about this game for the last three years on-and-off, so each time I come back to the game, I have a bit more life experience to try to elaborate the ideas that I previously made! That being said, some of the things might not make sense to the average person lol &amp;#x200B; Second thing, I don't know if I should make a second post (or if I can edit a reddit post I might) to show my google documents about the game itself to try to figure out what type of things I should be doing with it. &amp;#x200B; Thirdly, I really am trying to figure out how to make my game more unique and not as ""basic"" if that makes sense? I just want to try making someone go ""oh I didn't expect that"" but sometimes games try to do that but in the end it makes it more basic than it originally needed to be you know? &amp;#x200B; So, without further ado, I'm going to talk about my game for the first time ever online :) (please go light on me) &amp;#x200B; Basically, in my game, there are four different races of people. The Tremp, Amin, Gaia, and Elementals. Each race has a special trait that belongs to each of them. For example, the Tremp can use roots from the ground to dig tunnels and travel that way, and the Gaia have flowers on their head as a type of hair that they can use to fly around with. Something I forgot to mention was that they're all the same species however, they're called the ""Fae"" and that being said, they are all a type of fairy. Another good thing to mention is that they all live in a type of tree. So the Tremp live towards the bottom where the roots are, the Gaia live in the tree branches, and the Amin live within the clouds. They each have a type of storyline which they have to complete and then the main storyline will happen. &amp;#x200B; &lt;**Main Storyline**\&gt; &amp;#x200B; Before I would like to show you the new storyline that I'm working on, I'd like to show you the old one just so that maybe if you see something you like, you could recommend it to me? Or hm, maybe if you find something that I can add to the newer one that would be great :) &amp;#x200B; For as long as time has been known, the people of Asteries have been in control of a beautiful magic. The world is the most advanced place in all of Entora. This world is the true beginning of magic. The world contains a huge crystal within its center that harnesses all of the magic. The world has multiple layers to it. The top being the most poor of the layers, and the center being the most magical. They made it this way because the magic is like wifi, the farther you are away from it, the less you have. The world is forgotten on top, and looks deserted to the naked eye. The Fae made it specifically this way, so that no mortal would ever see the magic that lies within. Thousands of years have past in the time that they have lived within the world, and within this time, humans and other beings have traveled to this world and claimed it as their “own”. The humans cannot find the portal leading to the Fae World; only a fae is able to open the portal to let them in. However, if they were to ever open the portal, they would never be able to shut it again. So, they stay within the world. People have no idea that these creatures are living under them, they have seen, what they thought to be sightings, and scientists have speculated, but these “Fae” are, to them, the worst fear they could possibly imagine. The reason they are so petrified by these fairies is because, they are depicted for starting “The Stone War” the stone war is a war that took place approximately 300 years ago. **People would find these creatures that would come out of the ground, take their life essence, and then turn it into a crystal-type figure**. They could only assume that these creatures were known as the Zaem. The Zaem would turn people into stone, and then suck out there essence, then bring it back into in crystal to heat it up for the Fae. Meanwhile, the Fae never knew that this was taking place. Basically the first layer, with the worst magic “reception” was actually just the worlds dinner. The world is actually alive, but the world isn't doing this to be malicious. The world does not heat itself up by lava or other sorts, so the magic is actually keeping the Fae alive, without the magic, there is no life. The world just assumes that the people that are coming to the world are actually just sacrifices made from the Fae to keep her alive. The Zaem, however, is the name the people created to identify the mass killings. Inside the crystal is actually the woman that is in charge Asteries. She, however, doesn't know that she controls the world. Because she was reincarnated into a woman. **There are only women in the game to signify purity and loyalty.** &amp;#x200B; Now that you've seen that, ***here's the new one :)*** &amp;#x200B; The main storyline is that there are the four races obviously, and the Elementalists are considered the ""Gods"" of the game. The tree of life is holding the entire world together, and the tree is in the inner shell of the outside world if that makes sense. So the tree is basically the core of the earth, and everything besides that is just a very very big shell. So the inner world is where the Fae live, and the outer world is where the boys live. The boys are straight up boys that the tree has banished to die at the outer world. So, the tree is the disgusted by men because the tree is actually a woman that was r\*ped at one point after she watched her parents get murdered right in front of her hundreds of years ago. I don't know yet why she became a tree, but all I know is that she did lol. So she banished all of the men to the top of the earth, including the guy who did those awful things to her. Because of this, she only game birth to women, and the boys she birthed went straight to the top. (Just to make it clear, she is the one who births all of the faes) So basically each race of fae is trying to find out why the tree is starting to die, and they need to find a potion or something for them to be able to heal the tree before the tree dies, otherwise they lose the world, and they will all die. So obviously you'll go and do that, and eventually you'll get to meet the Elemental, which at first will give you the cold shoulder and make you feel like you're literally worthless, and so that happens. But the farther you get into the game, the more friendly they will become, especially the Elemental known as Dawn. She will start to become super friendly to you, and you'll start to trust her, and at one point she'll become a member of your group. Throughout your travels to the tree, she'll talk to you about one of the Elementals, Dusk, who really despises the ""lower class"" Fae, and she wanted to try to kill them all, so she was locked away and held captive from all magic. Fast forward a lot of the game, and you finally get to the tree. She helps you grab the materials and she says that the tree needs a sacrifice in order to Be let into the heart of the tree. So she says she will sacrifice herself so that she is able to give back to the tree. So she does. But, something strange happens, she starts to mutate into a darkened form, and she throws the old ""shell"" of the Elemental to the ground. She looks at you and, basically for the people in the back of this post, she is Dusk and she is going to grab the heart, and basically all of the Elementals can morph into different things once they kill whatever it was. So in this case, she killed her sister in order to get her body. Long story short, she grabs the heart and puts it into her chest, unlocking her true self and growing twelve different arms and becoming a demon basically. She will then grab you, and throw you against the tree, knocking you out, and then she will grab the girl in the tree, and stab all twelve of her arms into her body. (reALLY killing her) and then the tree starts to die, and the tree begins to fall to the ground. You and the tree then fall to the ground and the screen goes black, and covered in dust and death. The music stops and things get very quiet... &amp;#x200B; Okay so! I'm going to continue on with the story once I keep this up for like a day or two, and I'd loVE to hear your thoughts about it! Is it cringy? Is it somewhat okay? I'm super curious what people think! (and really nervous as well lol)",1561785104
c7hxb0,"Vessel-less, (A game idea with inspiration from hollow knight and dead cells)","The main gameplay mechanic is that the player is Just soul energy without a body. After killing someone or something they can inhabit that body and use that things power with the mana bar, they would also have that things hp And when the body dies the player is ejected from it. (The player themselves only has one heart of hp) I would say this would be a Metroidvania/ rougelike mix (Maybe when you kill a boss you get part of its power permanently or something), with a dark artstyle and a even darker story. I would also add a moralitry system in there somewhere. Like you can inhabit people To get things in town or something. That's the idea so far. What do you think?",1561920080
c473gl,Need Horror Game Ideas,"Hello everyone, i'm Miles and i'm looking for ideas for a horror game. I've been doing game development for about 5 years now and I've always wanted to make a horror game but found myself struggling with coming up with a compelling idea. The other day I typed up a design doc for a horror game that takes place in an apartment, and you are being haunted by a spirit that you have to avoid contact with while solving puzzles, similar to PT but also totally different. I ended up scrapping this because I couldn't come up with a fun enough gameplay loop. Anyone who can either help me build off that idea or come up with a totally new one would be greatly appreciated. &amp;#x200B; Some things to keep in mind is that I am primarily a 3D artist, so a more complex environment should not be a problem, however I am just one person so I would like to keep the scope fairly small in terms of asset creation. Thanks in advance everyone!",1561306704
bypxjf,A game where you draw paths for your ships and missiles to follow.,"This would be a competitive game. Let's say there is a 20x20 grid and each player gets three ships or so. The game consists of a drawing phase where everybody draws paths through the grid for their ships and missiles to follow (6 paths each). Then there is an execution phase where the ships and missiles follow the specified paths. If a ship collides into another ship or a ship collides into a missile, they blow up. These phases cycle until there is only one person left with surviving ships. To add strategy to the game, power ups would be placed throughout the map. You would be incentivized to grab power ups to gain the upper hand, but since it can be predictable to go for a power up, people may send their missiles towards power ups. This creates a basic rock paper scissors dynamic. I was also thinking that maybe movement could be a resource. Perhaps you have to collect ""up"", ""right"", ""left"", and ""down"" resources as your ships move through the grid, and if you run out of a specific type of movement resource, you can't move in that direction anymore, or at least not for the next turn, which makes it easier for other players to take you out since you'll have less options for your ship paths. So you want to use your missiles to prevent players from getting power ups and movement resources, and if you can predict where your opponent will go, you can always just blow them up. There could also be lasers and not just missiles. Maybe you also get special defender ships that can't attack, but you maneuver them around your fighters and they can tank hits for your fighters. There could also be moving asteroids on the map and other obstacles.",1560118810
c33mq0,Idea for a new racing game,"**Concept:** A battle royal racing game that has many different classes of vehicles similar to classes in overwatch or apex legends in which each vehicle has widely different characteristics, weapons, speed and strength. The idea is a mario kart style game in which there would be speed boosts, power-ups etc. but if you finish last in the lap you are eliminated and if you get destroyed then you are also eliminated. I was thinking of including shields, abilities for each vehicle, maybe cusomisation of load outs. The only issue I can think is you would be limited to around 20 people maximum otherwise it could end up being way overcrowded at the start. Maybe having multiple lives could also make it more enjoyable. The tracks would be fairly basic but i was thinking of maybe having a few rainbow road style maps where people fall off the side they are gone. I also had thoughts of each vehicle class having an ultimate ability if you get a certain number of kills or gain a certain amount of XP. So for example, one class would be a small tank which has a lot of armour, its main weapon is a cannon but its slower than other vehicles. Another could be a sports car fitted with machine guns, which makes it fast and weak. What do you guys think of a racing royale as a concept? Or maybe even a normal multiplayer racing game with this class based system?",1561076808
c5zszy,typing game with animations and stuff. bor really focused on typing speed as much as learning basic words,"cat type cat word cat transforms into a little cat png and tweens to the bottom of the window the cat icon will occasionally meow, lick or hiss.. adding these words to the incoming words If you do cat and dog so that both are on screen, you get the following special words not normally available: * bark, growl, chase, hiss, stay If you type chase first, dog will chase cat across the screen aiming directly at the word stay /stop/synonyms - the cat will jump over it, the dog will just break the obstacle - and when there are no words left that you could tell the dog to stop, he chases the cat off screen tl;dr every word has an animation. typing pink will make the next word pink, typing green does green, typing cat spawns a cat and makes the next words cat things t_t, typing kittens gives you kittens, typing dog means dog things, getting both a dog and cat (set of {cat, dog})at the same time brings in unique words specific to that se like stay, sit, chase, bark, growl, hiss.. What do you think? other languages, eg japanese typing aoi would make fruit or vegetables green, while other things blue. nelo could spawn nelo stuff, neko musume gives you a cute animal girl because japan essentially this is one of those typing games but given some production effects and love",1561602515
bwwilm,A game where the players don’t know who’s on their team and try to murder the other players...,"This is gonna be long... Also I hope to make it one day but I want feedback. I call No stealzies. Robo Mafia/ Who Murdered You? I don’t know what to name it yet. Synopsis: Game takes place on a ship/station/building complex where the players are divided into 3 teams of 4-8 (Idk yet). They don’t know who is on their team and must find out, as the primary goal of the game is to kill all players on the enemy teams. At the start the players are mixed in with random civilian bots who are assigned random names and have random builds so they can’t be differentiated from a player by appearance, only through action. Along with the civilians are cop bots, who will stun anyone who commits a minor offense and attack anyone who kills or attacks another cop, civilian, or player. Factions are Orange, Green, Purple Before the start of the game players pick their names, however they’re going to be wanting civilian-like names so they’ll be hard to tell apart. Cop and Civilian names are either common human names (Jon, Emma, etc.) Stars in our galaxy (Altair, Regel), or the names of Greek letters. Every player in the game starts with a list of 2 names, 1 is the next person in their faction numerically (by order queued) and the other is a random player of another faction and their faction. If either of these names becomes dead, they get a new name in their place this time of a random player with their faction. Every player has a badge for their faction which at any point they may reveal via holoprojectors to prove their allegiance. The badge of an Unconscious or dead player may be viewed, and the badge of a dead player may be taken, allowing you to project it. Police can be found patrolling along specific routes or staying put as sentries. Police have two stages of attack; stun, and shoot, depending on the offense within their line of sight and whether or not they’re alerted, police will either ignore players, attempt to shoot them with a stun gun and continue to stun them on the ground, or attempt to shoot them and chase them to shoot them. Cop Reaction Table: I’ll post a link in the comments if needed, the table wouldn’t work.  Alert means to enter alerted state, Alarm means to alert all cops. It takes 2 seconds before a cop sounds the alarm. Fugitive, means that the player is placed on the fugitive list. Player Communication: Players can switch between two methods of communication: Selective, or Proximity or both. Proximity allows for messages and voice chat to reach all players within 3 M, players can toggle whether or not their name is revealed doing this. For Selective messages and voice chat to reach their targets, the player must have first pinged their robot, then allowing the player to speak to all who were pinged, which pinged players are receiving the chat can be edited. Faction Lobbies: Each faction: (orange, green, and purple), has a faction lobby located somewhere around the map, lobbies are typically only entered by players, as the path AI for cops and civilians doesn’t take them inside. The lobbies have glass windows much like a storefront, but in the back lies a terminal and a safe. Only players from the faction can open the faction safe, which at first contains @5k reserve credits, but also allows for more money to be stored or removed. The terminal appears to show a map (of the map) and players belonging to the owning faction may place markers on it. However, any player that enters the lobby can view the map and it’s markers. A faction wins the game if at any point their faction safe holds 100k or more. Currency: @ is the currency of the game and can be obtained through the following: -Each Player starts with 100@ -If a player kills a member of another faction they gain 2k@ -Faction Safes in Lobbies each contain 5k -Players can take the money (Also badges &amp; Weapons) off dead or unconscious players. -The bodies of cops have 1k@ &amp; a pistol -Stashes located around the map contain between 100@ &amp; 10k@. -Legal Weapons can be sold at the armory for 1/2 their value (rounding up to the nearest hundred) Health, Death, and Unconsciousness: Players start with 100 HP each, and they take damage from weapons, (double for headshots) or can be stunned/blinded. When a player reaches 0 or less HP they become unconscious, and unable to move or take action. Unconscious players die if they take damage after becoming unconscious, but only if they have 0 HP, otherwise it just takes off HP like normal. If a player ever has more stun damage (which accumulates) then HP, they also become unconscious, and are still vulnerable to more stun damage, meaning they can be forced to stay unconscious.(this is what police do after stunning) Stun damage is removed at 3/second. Unconscious players can also be dragged, and police will drag them out of restricted areas. Conscious players can revive unconscious players through a 5-second animation, restoring them to 15 HP or more.(appears like jump-starting them) Conscious players can regenerate HP at any of the repair booths around the map. Restores at 10/second Stashes: Stashes are briefcases located around the map that spawn semi-randomly as the game goes on. Most are fairly hidden, and they spawn in back-rooms out of sight of the average civilian. Each stash contains a random amount of currency(@) between @100 and @10k, averaging 2171@ The following are found amounts: 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 600, 800, 1k, 1.5k, 2k, 4k, 5k, 8k, 10k The Armory is a store found in every map allowing for players to purchase weapons and firearms. Note that all prices are an approximation and will change with testing. The following are available for purchase: @100-Knife-Concealable, Smaller, Melee, Reach 1 Damage 60 @500-Pistol-Concealable, Smaller, Clip 12 Damage 19, Semi-Auto @1k-Short SMG-Concealable, Smaller, Clip 33 Damage 13, FR: 10, High Recoil, High Spread @4k-Heavy SMG-Larger, Clip 50, Damage 14, FR: 8, Low Recoil, High Spread @2k-Carbine-smaller, Clip 25, Damage 23, FR: 6, Medium Recoil, Low Spread @5k-AR-Larger, Clip 30, Damage 27, FR: 6, Low Recoil, Low Spread @800-Pump Shotgun-Concealable, Smaller, Clip 5, Pump-Action, Medium Recoil @1.2k-Combat Shotgun-Larger, Clip 12, Full or Semi-Auto, FR: 5, High Recoil Marksman Rifle- Larger, Clip 20, Damage 47, Semi-Auto, Scoped, Medium Recoil, Low Spread @100-Flash-Vision Disruptor- Concealable, Smaller, Appears to be a small laser that shines at a small angle, blinding any vision sensors it’s shined over (causes the white screen effect of a flash bang, but for 10 seconds, and works on both cameras, players, and cops. Is not detected by the weapons detector @1k-Stun Gun-Concealable, Smaller, Deals 60 stun damage per shot, semi-auto, slow velocity shots that are wide in diameter. Taking stun damage beyond health maximum causes unconscious, but stun damage fades at 3/second. The max a player can have on them is 500 stun damage. The Head Office/Bridge is a control room found in every map with multiple functions: -A Player may access the PA system to message/voice chat the whole ship. -A Player may turn on/off the screens broadcasting suspected faction members. -A Player may remotely open air locks and view a map of the full ship with all police positions. -A player may remotely close/open any or all blast doors. The Security Room is another room found in maps that allows for the player to view live camera feed of almost every room in the map, including being able to see player names. However, this room is access restricted. Electrical Room: Access restricted back-room with a lever that can cause a blackout of the whole ship. Including turning off the weapon detectors, PA system, servers Checkpoints are positions in the main hallways of the map with multiple officer sentries around weapon detectors. Repair Facility: Large medical-style room 1k@each-Armor Upgrades- Every armor upgrade adds an additional 25 HP and players may receive up to 4 @1k-Repair Nanobots-Single shot canister with firing system, (think Flare Gun), Upon hitting an unconscious or standing player immediately removes all effects (Stun Damage, Blindness, Unconsciousness) and restores 50% HP, If 50% extra HP goes over the maximum they gain that much extra but it fades at 1/second and they have a max of 50 extra points. Server Room: Access-Restricted back room lined with server banks, can be hacked (see Main Login Key). The Shady Place: Tavern found on some maps fairly hidden from the main areas. Technically a restricted area but cops aren’t likely to patrol/ be around it. The Menu Cosmetically offers oil, gas, Nitrous Oxide, etc. Bodyguard Drones, and Hitman Drones are available for sale. Bodyguard Drones: 300 HP, Large, hulking robots, they carry a random larger weapon. Bodyguard Drones attack any robot that comes within 4M of their player with a weapon or draws one in said zone. They will attempt to attack and then chase, any player that deals damage to or shoots towards their player, cops will do nothing to body guards. They will follow within 2 M of their player unless authorized to chase an enemy. Hitman Drones appears as civilians, complete with a civilian name, but when they are hired their buyer enters in a name for them to hunt down and kill. They come armed with a virus-encoded knife and a laser pistol and will use either to kill based on nearby cops. They can be downed and while downed a player can view who hired them. The Illegal Weapons Dealer: One of the npc civilians is secretly a weapons dealer, and if the players find them (they always wander the back-rooms and have a modern firearm (ex. HK417) for their name), they can approach and the dealer will present a shop menu. The dealer only carries 3 items/weapons at a time, but each time something is bought a random new one is added. They Include: @1k-Virus-Encoded Knife- Concealable, Smaller, Instant kills anything it hits dealing 300 damage and doesn’t allow for revives. @3k-Laser Pistol-Concealable, Smaller, Makes 0 noise, 0 muzzle flare, no visible projectile, etc. Infinite Clip, Semi-Auto, 25 Damage and 15 stun damage/shot, also won’t kill downed players. Players aren’t able to see directional damage marker. @7k-Anti-Material Rifle- Bolt-Action sniper rifle allowing for one shot every 3 seconds, but has an adjustable scope and deals 100 damage. Headshots are worth triple. @15k--ThrallChip-Concealable, Smaller, Small flashdrive-like plug-in, can be implanted into unconscious but not dead players, allowing for you to take complete control of them unexpectedly. The next time you do take control of them they leave the unconscious state. You control their character in the same way you can control your own, but while you are controlling theirs, your body is in an unconscious state, and while you aren’t controlling their body, the original player regains use. @15k-Login-Breaching Key-Concealable, Smaller, Another Plug-In device, if you enter the server room you can implant this key into the any server bank and do several things, -You may type in a player name and view which faction they’re from. -You may view the Fugitive List and delete players names or enter in new players. This key can also be used to open any faction’s safe or access their terminal for beacon placing. @2k-EMP Grenade. After 4 second cook time (can be thrown at any point), causes an electrical malfunction of all robots nearby, within 2M take 200 stun damage, within 4M take 110, within 6M take 50. @8k-LMG: Larger, 100 Clip, Damage 32, FR: 10 Low Recoil, High Shot Spread @18k-HMG: 150 Chain, Damage 45, FR: 10, Low Recoil, Medium Shot Spread, Mounted on Tripod, place on ground before use. 500@Each-Blast Pucks: Miniature Explosives seen as a small black puck that can be dropped or thrown, at the press of a button all active pucks explode. Before throwing can be set to be sticky. Upon detonation deals 200 damage to everything within 0.5 M, 100 within 1 M, and 50 within 1.5 M. Police do not recognize them, and any number can be activated at once. Skins and Customization: In a similar way to most FPS shooters, players can customize their characters with specific weapon skins and robot builds, Robots: Players can build their own robots from a variety of parts they collect for both a top half (torso and head) and a bottom half (legs), creating plenty of combinations. Along with the shape players can pick a skin pattern to paint over all available surfaces. Hit boxes are in fact changed with the shape of the robot. Legs include bipedal, Quadripetal, Spider Legs, Wheels, Tracks, hovering, etc. Weapon skins can be picked for each individual weapon, and for the most part take the shape of the weapon. Knives are the rarest of skins and often take specific forms as well as flashy skins, including: Folding Knives, Balisongs, Karambits, Kukri, Stilettos, Tactical Axes, Tanto, Sai, Kama, etc. -Anything that is short bladed, and Melee. Skins are found in Shipments, each containing a random skin/robot part. Shipments are awarded if a player completes 20 objectives in a week, with each day assigned 4 objectives, (objectives include things like multiple headshots, kills with a certain weapon, collecting money, reviving unconscious teammates etc.). Shipments can also be purchased for premium currency, along with specific skins and bundles. Skins are found in different rarities: Common, Uncommon, Rare, Exotic, Mythic Body Parts: Common-Rare Small Legal Weapon Skins: Common-Exotic Larger Legal Weapon Skins: Common-Mythic Illegal Weapon Skins: Uncommon-Mythic Knife Skins: Exotic for Unskinned/base color Knives, Mythic for patterned",1559695883
bzk5h6,A shooter based on no or a lack of light.,"Pretty much, the main idea is that the light in the world has faded and the sky is always black and there is no power, forcing enemies and players to use muzzle flash and limited time light sources like torches or capturing bio-luminescent life. Moreover, items such as batteries and any kind of effective light source would be both your best friend and worst enemy as others are also looking for light and you hold the beacon by holding anything that makes light. Could also have a sound detection system based on echolocation. This idea was inspired by a game which I forgot the name of but it was a first-person game which took place in a cave and you had this sound gun that sprayed dots to outline the world.",1560297908
c63w5m,Spheres of Fate,"Hello Reddit people, &amp;#x200B;  Sorry if the post is long or awkward to read it's my first post. &amp;#x200B; If I knew how to make games I'd try begging by making it as a proof of concept allowing at most 10 players to play together just to gauge interest. &amp;#x200B; **Genre:** It'd be a VR survival rp style game maybe one day an mmo but for the demo make it small co-op of like 4 - 6 peeps then expand when ya get the funding (if ya get funding). &amp;#x200B;  **How it works:** The game is centered around the concept of skill/magic spheres which you can attach to weapons with most weapons having 6 sphere slots (slots depend on quality of the item), then to use the skill/magic you simply tap the sphere prior to doing your weapons attack i.e. with the bow you tap a sphere then you fire an arrow.  As far as classes there would be the main classes defined by the weapon they use i.e. a bow class, then there's sub-classes players would only be allowed at most 2 sub-classes the type of classes would be stuff like cooking or tracking. &amp;#x200B; **The World:** The world would be a post magical apocalypse in a fantasy world, wherein those whom are left alive are typically wanderers, most the story would be discovered within the books/items one can find around the world. &amp;#x200B; The world wouldn't necessarily have levels for monsters so that players can technically venture anywhere but the monsters would be more frequent in certain areas for example within a cave that contains valuable materials such as mythril or platinum. &amp;#x200B; There would also be no NPCs as the idea of the sub-classes is that the players start building there own functioning society some might decide to have a world where they just trade items others might decide to use a currency but the idea would always be that players make the world a lived in place. &amp;#x200B; **Style:** When I imagine this game I picture something halfway between the visuals of Orbus and Log Horizon &amp;#x200B; Thanks for reading my idea/post, feel free to ask more questions about it I have waaaaay more thoughts on it but didn't want to go on too long.",1561631396
bx2t27,Need feedback for my top down PVP game,"I have an idea for a game that I wanna start working on and would like your feedback on it. The game is a top-down 1v1 where each player is placed in his own enclosed arena. Both the players are visible on the screen at all times and the goal of the game is for the player to kill the other player by shooting bullets through randomly spawning portals on each arena. The portals spawn in color-coded pairs with one portal in each arena and any projectiles that touch a portal emerges through the other portal. The bullets themselves live on for quite a while and bounce around the arena walls, making the game a little chaotic and fast-paced The health system, I have in mind, is a tight one. each player has one point of armor and one point of final health point. The armor can only be broken by the opponent's bullet while the player can die by any bullet The player themselves will have 3 main abilities. shoot dodge and a special attack all of which will be different for different player types. would love to know any feedback on this. or even any improvements you guys might think compliments this mechanic",1559742758
byxc7i,Harry Potter Open World Game,"I’m sorry that this is long but my brain couldn’t stop once I had started. Thoughts on an RPG game based off of the Harry Potter universe where you start off as a child and grow into an adult. Your teenage years are spent at Hogwarts and adult life occurs in an open world exploring a huge map, meeting, fighting or taming Fantastic Beasts 🤷🏻‍♂️Of course you don’t have to go to Hogwarts. The game could strive to be one of the most immersive RPG games to date focusing on not just a main storyline but also focusing on the interactions of wizards and muggles. You could implement a faction system where you could become a death eater or choose to oppose the death eaters and the main story-line is a focus on destroying your enemy. The world of giants and trolls and mermaids and so many other characters within the universe could be fleshed out into fully fledged storyline’s and experiences. I think the childhood (early stages) could work really similar to the tutorial part of Fallout 3. Where you do the basic tutorial as a toddler and then grow up a little and do some more learning and growing as an older child. Then as you finally hit 11 the journey begins. You receive your letter (whether it is a surprise or not) and you start off your journey as a first year at Hogwarts. From here there are a whole bunch of cool story things that happen every year and you make friends with people. You live the life of a teeneager, but get to do some of the really cool things that can be experienced in the wizarding universe. Could bring in the Tri-Wizard Tournament or a version of it. Learn spells and have duelling matches with people. You get to choose the subjects that would interest you (botany or working with animals etc) and those or the subjects you get to experience. A great area for replayability would be to have these subjects that you choose influence the future of your character. And once you’re finished with a character what you could to is for them to settle down and have a child (kind of like the Fable games) and you then begins a new life as the child that you created. There could also 100% definitely be Quidditch matches and competitions and tournaments between houses and maybe even the World Cup too. This game could be taken so far. Not a money-grab but a game that pays respect to the universe @jk_rowling has created. That’s cool. After you graduate from Hogwarts you are left to explore a giant open world (similar to things like Skyrim or Fallout or other open world games) where you can choose your interactions and your decisions will affect how people interact with you. A karma system, whether you are infamous or famous, will decide how easy it is to get people to help you or work with you on your quest (whatever it may be). It could also be the deciding factor of how other wizards and magical beasts interact with you too (fight or not). There can be transfrmations and curses and things. Choosing to become and Animagi will allow you to do certain things that other characters cannot do. Be being bitten by a werewolf turn you into a wereworlf yourself etc... And of course their is the magic component. You can grow as a witch or wizard and have your spells become stronger and more effective through some sort of skill tree or something. There is lockpicking mechanics with Alohomora and other cool things. And when the game released DLC it can actaully be new portkeys scattered throughout the universe that take you to iconic places around the wizarding universe. Like to the fields of China or to the streets of New York.",1560170279
c2iunw,JRPG-style game about a kid playing outside/using his imagination.,"So this is actually something that I've already started working on and building a few maps for. I just want to see what other people think of the idea. It's loosely based on my own childhood. You play as a social outcast preteen with an overactive imagination. The map consists of his house, neighborhood, school, and the woods behind his house. It'll be pretty small so as not to be overwhelmingly huge (think about the size of an old-school Zelda overworld as opposed to, say, Final Fantasy). There's no overarching story to the game, but instead smaller adventures (think almost like Skyrim). All the adventures take place in his imagination, so while his environment will still look the same, he'll embark on epic adventures in his school or his backyard. His only companion will be his imaginary friend. I also want to create an imaginary town that starts as just one guy standing in a field, but as you go through more adventures, new buildings are added to the town until it becomes a full city, and you can go there to purchase new weapons, armor, spells, etc.",1560960016
c24hto,simple unity game idea,im looking for game ideas or simple mechanics for a pixely 2d unity game for a extreme beginner,1560875951
bzrs81,I have a design doc for a game I call Manent.," I'd really like some general feedback. I feel like if I had the motivation I would make this myself, but right now I am sorely lacking, and so I want to know what others think to hopefully give me some. The design doc isn't especially fleshed out and I do intend on editing it further. I think that the premise and ideas would need experienced game devs (or a hell of a lot of passion), but I don't think it'd be considered AAA or anything. LINK: [Notepad file (via google drive)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yL3UUZE4unn4ZvnrIZq9fD62s_57v2gB/view?usp=sharing)",1560349051
c2wxaa,Ideas for a game with Procedural Loot?,"Just need some ideas to make a game around procedural loot, like Borderlands's Weapons or Diablo's Items, preferrably not open-world",1561042097
c8n5xr,The Motel Game,"So, I started to make a game what called ""The Motel"". This will be a Horror Game and you have to survive 6 hours to leave the motel. You have two enemies: Kidnapper and Killer and you have to defeat with different strategies like hide, on/off the lamps. But, I don't know that's a good idea.",1562154769
c8ttlz,Thoughts on making a new video game similar to Ark:Survival Evolved?,"I am part of VenomCode. We are a couple of very dedicated video game developers who also have a severe case of ""Ark Addiction"". We have a combined total of nearly 4,000 hours in the game and have grown to truly love its general play style. However, it seems that the developers of Ark(Wildcard studios) have neglected their community for quite some time now and are failing to patch severe bugs such as meshing and the various ones related to farming metal(just to name a few). Were not saying its a bad game, we just don't like the way the developers have gone about treating the community and their wishes. Because of this we have been working on a game for over a year now that is based loosely on Ark's core mechanics. It will be similar in structure to Ark:Survival Evolved. We are considering scrapping the project due to us wondering if the general public would be supportive of this. Keep in mind that we are NOT graphic designers so if the game were released in early access the graphics would be similar to that of Unturned(lol alright, well maybe a bit better.) but we do have plans of hiring people that can do a much better job than we can later on if this picks up traction. So fellow gamers we have come to Reddit asking if you would be interested in such a game. TLDR: We are a small game studio planning to make a game similar to Ark:Survival Evolved. Do you think we should continue working on it?",1562188848
c5njhr,[logistics mobile game] Red Ball Express 1944,"July 15th, 1944 The allies have established a beachhead on the Normandy coast, but Hitler’s forces have started to suspect that its not just a diversion away from Calais. Allied forces are getting bogged down in hedgerows, still at risk of getting pushed back into the sea, and facing the most dire enemy of all: supply shortages. An army marches on its stomach and the massive multi-nation force is no exception. Despite months of planning to construct artificial harbors — codenamed Mulberry — storms in the Atlantic have wrecked one and damaged another. Whats more, the narrow roads of the french countryside make traffic jams all too easy. The battle to move stuff might never get a movie directed by Steven Spielberg, but even he would agree: while amateurs talk tactics, professionals talk logistics. Your job: keep ammo, food, and fuel moving towards the front as your supply lines stretch from Cherbourg to Paris and beyond. —— I figure this would make a good mobile game. You can have random events like storms or sorties by the not-yet-crushed Luftwaffe. It would be a good way to teach about an aspect of the war that isn’t well-suited to cinema, RTS, or FPS. If you want, you could look up some of the personal histories of those involved in the Red Ball Express and give them some representation. If its successful, then there are ample opportunities for sequels dealing with ...pretty much any major military operation in history. I guess it would probably take inspiration from factorio or even Transport Tycoon. But there’s almost certainly room to invent your own mechanics.",1561539981
c2egbc,A game where you freeze and start time to minimize damage.,"Let's say you have a city undergoing the apocalypse and you can stop and start time to minimize the damage. You're not allowed to rewind, and you're only allowed to travel a certain distance/interact with a certain amount of objects in a frozen time frame. For instance, let's say you have a falling helicopter, a bus going towards a cliff, and a match going towards an oil field. The optimal thing to do would to crash the helicopter into a damn, which puts out the fire and causes stone to blockade the cliff. A first attempt might try to stop each one individually. It'd kinda be like a less combat focused superhot.",1560932720
c6juy5,Purge Multiplayer Game,"Sorry for this being really long A Idea for a purge game First In a BR/Battle Royale gamemode In the game you start out with a timer(on tv’s around the store) and money to buy guns and weapons which is first come first serve once the timer had ended all law is gone which means everyone can kill each other Now you don’t really have to eat the last one alive to win you can also just wait until the purge ends with is 24hrs(24 or so mins in real time) Also you can team up with people by inviting them will in the match/game But they can still kill you and you can still kill them so try not to trust everyone you see But there is also duos and squads which are the same as the battle Royale just with a full team Also there are hunger and thirst which you would die but it will give you negative effect like poor sight/vision,weaker hit with melee, and more You can go to areas like hospitals,grocery stores,police stations,gun shops stuff like that Also you can have your own house in the game not as a advance but as a neat add on you can custom it with whatever look you want at all Now if you don’t like battle Royale there other gamemodes like house defense were your’re a rich family(squad) in your home will purgers are trying to get in your’re home and kill you but they probably only have pistols or melee will the rich have ar’s or shotguns The rich can layout traps and stuff but the purgers can break stuff like doors,windows ,the lights and more There would probably be 3 or 1 whole big waves/rounds and each round the purgers who died respawn back Other gamemode is based on purge Election Day were a squad of swat are to protect the president but your not stuck in one room you have to move out to a van/car to get her or him out and the president can’t shoot a gun until 2 of her/his swat members are gone So that’s my idea for a purge multiplayer game what do you think?",1561726517
c6pt7h,Hey! Suggestions please?,,1561756352
c55aib,A Natural Disaster Survival Simulation Game,"Okay, so I have a few ideas for this one. Mind you, for each of these I am imagining a 1st person perspective 1. Tornado Survival - The game would be set in a moderately sized town in the midwest. The game would start with the news broadcast telling everyone a tornado is coming in the next three days and to prepare. And so, you have a checklist of things to get and a budget to make sure you survive through it and you have to get them within three days in order to survive the oncoming tornado. If you get everything and follow the checklist to a tea, you will survive. However, you are completely free to be a complete maniac and run out into the storm and try to survive it yourself. If you somehow manage to do it, you get a secret ending. The town that you live in has a lot of stuff to do in it. Of course there's the different shops to get your supplies from, but there's also fun miscellaneous stuff to do as well such as the arcade if you want to be get maniac ending. The difficulty is the size of the tornado. For certain tornadoes, you will have different things on you checklist to get and a different budget. The F5 tornado is obviously the hardest one, having the longest checklist but the tighter budget. 2. Hurricane Survival - This one is very much like the Tornado Survival one, just with a coastal city hurricane and the survival takes longer. After the hurricane hits, you have wait it out and hope that your house is strong enough while you do constant repairs on it. Of course, if you want to be a crazy dude with a surf board, floating through the sunk coastal city that used to be your home. Just good luck finding food if you didn't repair. 3. Sinking Ship Survival - This one is very different from the last two. Essentially, you wake up to find that the cruise ship you are on is sinking. So, it's up to you to run and try to make to a lifeboat in time. This one would be randomly generated (placement of items and spawn point and such) but each and every seed is completely possible to beat, some may just be a bit more complicated than others.",1561452195
bzh2b6,An RTS set in The Elder Scrolls universe during the conquest of Tiber Septim.,,1560281615
c8nvyo,"A game where you’re a plague doctor with the birb beak and all, giving backwards and absurd treatments to people and escaping the riots each time people realize you’re just endlessly killing the sick.",Possibly a bit like surgeon simulator? I’m not sure. But I love the idea.,1562159294
c40waf,A Stress Releasing Mad God Simulation VR Game and A Heaven and Hell Gate Keeping VR Game,"I'd probably test this out in the future. A VR game where you can use your voice and controls to destroy different settings as if you were god like. Examples. Setting #1 - A forest/island forest. It's a big serene forest in that indie smooth polygonal style with large bodies of waters to each side of it. You look over it all on a cliff. Birds are chirping, deer and other wildlife are around and in the back drop of it all is a large mountain volcano. Using your controllers, there are options you can select to choose what you interact with. You can select to use lighting. If you use your voice, the louder you get, the more chaotic the lighting becomes striking the land and causing fires. The sky becomes dark with black clouds whirling with wind in this VR experience. If you can't use your voice you can conjure black clouds by stretching your arms out and press and hold a button/grip button to form lighting in your hand and throw it down on to the forest like Zeus where ***BOOM*** explosions happen and lighting is striking all over the place and you see and feel the rumbling destruction. You can select the volcano and use your voice to make in erupt in a huge explosion as you watch rocks and fire fly up and fall down on to the forest with powerful impacts all while the lighting is still coming down. You can use your controld to do something similar slowly rasong the controls up as if building pressure and then suddenly pushing up fast to make the volcano explode and have fire and smoke. You can select an option to control the waves with each control. Sort of like a composer or some yoga breathing where you raise your hands up and push them back down to cause momentum in the waves. Then you can throw them on to the forest and watch everything get destroyed and washed away I also have an idea for a option where you look to the sky and hold up your controls. They start to rumblecand after a few seconds you see a twinkle and a giant meteor breaks through the clouds in slow motion, you look down with your hands still in the air and look where you want it to land and throw your hands down. Time starts back up and you watch the meteor make a huge destructive impact with light and all. Setting #2 - Space. Your in the Solar System where you can choose between a few sizes of how big you are like earth being the size a base ball, beach ball and so on.  You can grab two planets in each hand and smash them together with a wild dusty explosion (with sound even though it's space.) You can select to have a baseball bat and hit the planets with it where they will explode into dust if you hit them hard enough. Maybe a sword where you could slice them into halves or pieces and grab and look at them. You could grab a planet and you the trigger to slowly crush the planet into dust on your palm, or throw it at another planet or the sun to see what happens. You could set up for a asteroid to collide with earth or another planet and cause pandemonium. I have plenty of othere ideas for this one too. Setting #3 - War Similar to the forest you can watch over a cliff or maybe stand in the middle of a crazy war between to countries. You can cause missles to rain down or throw bombs and watch people ragdoll around you. Maybe place mines or other things. And finally throw a huge nuke and watch it blow up in your face. This isn't fleshed ot yet, but it's something to consider. I have other settings like Super Sayain mode!(Use your voice to g super sayian in front of some alien villian and use ki blast and stuff to destroy him and more),Kaiju Mode (Godzilla) where you destroy cities and use powers and maybe fight monsters, Interactive Buddy VR, House Destruction, Super Villian (Similar to Kaiju but you have supermans powers), and so on. I have also had ideas on something like papers please for VR except your the guy at Heavens gate and it's very humorous with the people you talk to and decide whether they be in or not. If you suck, you end up as the gate keeper for hell and it turns out hell isn't that bad because heaven is super strict and holy while hell is kind of more chill and earth like. You run into the people you sent down there, and they're like ""well well well, if it aint the gate keeping guy. What, your not gonna let me into hell either?! It's game where the writing and comedy really matters. Just ideas I thought about",1561277261
c124pq,"Space Exploration Game (Yeah, can’t think of a title)","The idea I had was a super realistic system of creating/flying spaceships like Kerbal Space Program, but with the addition of some alien ruins in the system a la Outer Wilds/Mass Effect etc. In essence you’d be stumbling along, find these things while exploring otherwise boring and empty planets (pretty much my main issue with KSP), and through the ridiculous effort of hauling samples back or setting up science expeditions, you’d slowly but surely begin to reverse engineer stuff and learn the story of the precursors who lived in your system. At first you might get access to better materials, allowing for lighter and more spacious craft, and with those, you can haul more experimental gear etc... fast forward to the late game where you’d begin to be able to get cool power generation, drive, or computer systems at the cost of disassembling ancient technology and structures which might still be functional in its own right. Do you strap the cool alien engine thing to your ship and test it or try and disassemble it and risk losing both it and the power it brings, but gain the ability to create more, similar ones? Then, after an FTL breakthrough, you might be able to start exploring other star systems (which might be procedurally generated just for kicks).",1560632783
bxpe08,What would a woodland creature use as a weapon or useful device?,"Things like a slingshot, blowgun, wooden spear, etc. &amp;#x200B; Also, what could you do with a net besides catching something in it?",1559875014
c7eiug,"Beginner Game Dev - any tips, tricks or ideas?","Hi Everyone, I really want to code a game over summer (I'm technically a beginner but have a lot of JS experience) and have no idea where to start, so if anyone could give me simple ideas to tackle with or any advice of how to go about this I would be eternally grateful! Thank you so much :)",1561903942
bx33tg,Updated Gyromite type game,"I've had this idea floating around where it's a 2 player co-op game. One player is a character moving around a base. The other is the base itself. Opening doors, turning on traps. Working together while holding off enemies wanting to stop the player. Each area could be puzzle based where a series of tasks need to be completed and the enemies could use different methods of stopping the player. Anyway, just thought the 2 player mechanic of manipulating the environment hasn't been tackled really.",1559744433
c5vz6g,Need character ideas,"This is a 3D horror game where you play as a teenage girl doing the graveyard shift at an isolated gas station, and various creeps/customers come up to you, and you have to sustain conversations with them, with multiple choice answers. Think of Puppet Combo’s Night Shift meets Rides with Strangers. I only have eight customers in mind so far: A mentally unstable woman who has recently lost her child and her ‘finisher’ is kidnapping you and attempting to raise you A Texas-Chainsaw-Massacre-esque cannibal chef (think Drayton) who wants you in the pan A detective looking for a girl, aged 17-19, last seen in a secluded gas station. He may arrest you, thinking you are the killer. The actual killer, who, guess what, can kill you. A hillbilly hick who is drunk on his dad’s moonshine and tries to rob the place with his brothers/cousins Chester, Cletus, Bobby Joe, Doyle, Rufus, Rodney, Billy, Austin, Buck, Ellis, Bubba, Jedidiah, Judson, Chip and Charlie (tell me if I missed any names). A nerdy neckbeard interested in this charming young lady at the gas station *tips fedora m’lady* And finally, the comrade, a Russian kidnapper who’s pulled up to stock up on black bread and vodka but is wary of you finding out about his day job. I’ve been thinking about adding a crazy cat lady and a hitman too. What I want, is character ideas. Criticism and tips also welcome. Bless",1561583394
c84bmp,"Open World, PVP &amp; PVE, Play as any animal in their specific perspective, raise offspring, hunt in the wild, etc.","I've always thought a open World game where you step into the eyes of a Apex predator would be amazing. Imagine playing as a peregrine falcon and diving down onto prey, or even playing as an alligator taking down prey in the water lurking from below. Any animal you've ever admired you can step into their world. Another example you could be a Black Bear in the woods raising your Cubs and fighting off predators trying to get to your Cubs. Idk just something to think about.",1562038824
c7r48f,A Moba with jungles instead of lanes.,"My design here aimed for some change to the traditional formula of Moba. -Instead of having 3 lanes now you will have many clusters of creep spawn across the map. That's mean harassment or deny creep will only exist in the form of hiding inside the enemy spawn and snipe their creep or their hero. -Without a lanes but you still have tower across some major points, the different here is they are much tougher and it will take more hit to destroy. -The economy is shared experience and gold like how Hero of the Storms does. Each member kills will be shared to all members, this will prevent kill steal blaming problem. -The items are not free for all, it's mean each classes of heroes only have some exclusive items while there will be some few universal items that all classes can buy. This give you less variety but you will be able to balance it more easier since the variety of items combination is much lower. -The same with the talent tree, each classes use the exclusive talent which does not shared with other classes. -The roles have been redesigned: +Assassin: The new support role, fragile but carry a lot of burst damage and disable. Instead of babysitting your carry they will be able to join the gank with the other hero as the carry in here will not sit and farm forever. All of their items are designed to be packed with mobility, disable and some more burst magic damage. And since hunting without farming will be a burden to the team as they won't get money during the gank there will be some exclusive items for this class which provide a steady stream of money for the team and it will also give you a bonus money whenever your team kill an enemy hero. +Tanker: The new carry role, their scaling power are from both tankiness and physical damage. That's mean their items are meant to help your carry become more tankier and have more physical damage. One of the major weakness is that their attack and their casting range are all slow so there will be a very few items in order to help them closing the gap or disabling them. +Mage: Just the normal AP role, Their have high burst damage but the longest range compared to the other classes. Their weakness if the lack of mobility and being fragile. Their scaling power come from their magic damage and their casting range. And some items also provide them with physical damage and long range combat. They are essentially a sniper thanks to the map are being jungle based instead of lane based. +Pusher: They are summoner with the ability to buff their own minions or aura that support your own minions, due to the fact all of their ability will be supporting to your minions so their can't be qualified as a normal support. And since their minions also scale they will need to farm in order to make your minions become tanky. In some case they will also come with the ability specialized at sieging tower since the other three classes won't be able to destroy tower effectively without a lot of items (although tanker can do that but it's still cost their own health). -4v4 instead of 5v5 since there are 4 roles.",1561978386
c0oy46,A shooter where you can't walk around yourself and instead use the recoil of the gun to repel you in a direction.,,1560544462
bxhd5g,"A Hero vs. Human online game, inspired by overwatch"," One day earth was struck by a mysterious alien meteor, some humans were affected by what they released into the air and were granted powers. At first they were welcomed with open arms but soon villains arose and they turned earth into a warzone, the heroes fought obliterating earth and humans created cities behind walls outlawing all with superpowers. Simple concept that leads to our game The concept behind the game is that one team plays as heroes in third person and the other team plays as soldiers in first person. The human weapons would harness the alien material to combat the heroes and there would need to be balancing to make it work. There would also be a hero vs. hero game mode with two teams of heroes fighting over an objective And then a third game mode with two teams of heroes and one team of humans all fighting. &amp;#x200B; I then imagine a DLC where Aliens actually come to earth, and there would be a horde mode featuring bother heros and humans fighting off waves of aliens. &amp;#x200B; Graphically I view it as being cell shaded and would look like you are playing a comic book. The heros ive come up with thus, which I have taken some of these ideas from a forum post I found so I will give credit where credit is due: [https://forums.penny-arcade.com/discussion/14208/101-superhero-character-ideas](https://forums.penny-arcade.com/discussion/14208/101-superhero-character-ideas) &amp;#x200B; Opening this to discussion for more hero creation. &amp;#x200B; **1.** **Mistress Shadow** Mistress Shadow controls a powerful mysterious energy, granting her the ability to fire powerful beams from her eyes. She can also create energized weapons of various shapes from her hands. The energy field can wrap itself around her, making her hard to detect, providing protection and also allowing her to slip through walls and solids. **2. Grim Stalker** The Grim Stalker can turn into a black, oily smoke shape. she usually quickly turns into this form whenever being presented with a physical attack, then reverts back to his normal form to counter. He can also teleport, creating a blast of smoke as he departs and arrives. Regeneration is also present, as the Grim Stalker has recovered from powerful wounds. The Grim Stalker always carries her powerful weapon, a machine gun studded with a variety of gadgets. The most bizarre power of the Grim Stalker. **3. Deadeye, the assassin mechanic** A swift and deadly assassin, wielding dual pistols and a sword, originally a mechanic, when he was granted his power he was given extraordinary powers. that lets him operate in a radar-like fashion, painting the picture of everything around him. His reflexes and reactions are also extremely fast. He commands a powerful array of sword art and gunplay, a deadly blade, has killed many a foe, he constructed a trusty turret to protect him to make up for his low health, but he also has the fastest health regeneration. When combined with man tank he can work with him to repair his armor as it gets damaged. **4. DJ. Beats** Beats has sonic control, allowing him to deafening people with blaring sound and creating blasts of music. He was famous DJ before the incident and now uses the power of music to defeat his foes. **5. Drunkard** Drunkard has the ability to quickly turn to liquid and surround an area to protect the other heroes and heal them over time, humans would also slip when walking over him. He also carries a rocket launcher that launches moltov cocktails crafted from all assortment of alcohol. Originally a bartender and raging alcoholic. While this does seem super silly, its the kind of vibe I also want the game to have, absolute goofiness **6. Freezeframe** Freezeframe has the power of cold and ice. Able to shoot ice from his fingertips and surf along a trail of ice and snow. She can also turn to ice to protect him when health is low &amp;#x200B;  **7. Man Tank** Man Tank is a superstrong meta-human able to lift hundreds of tons. In addition, he wears a heavily armored suit equipped with a 155mm cannon and a .50 caliber machine gun. As he's the only one strong enough to wear the suit, designed by the brightest American minds, Man Tank is an unstoppable force on the battlefield; **8. Phoenix** Granted the power of combustion, Phoenix can cause anything to burst into flames, even herself. Using the heat, Phoenix can fly, create walls of flames or cause objects to explode into fire. **9. Tether** Haley O'Connell was born to a junkie mother, and a rare mutation adapted her body in a curious way. She was born immune to the poison her mother injected and after puberty developed thin quills on her fingers. These quills can be fired and regenerate nearly instantly. Anyone hit with a quill is subjected to a powerful and addictive narcotic. Tether can issue mental commands to anyone under the effect of the drug, but even those on whom the drug has worn off know that she is their only source for the drug. Haley built a criminal empire by creating an army of nearly a hundred junkies and selling a diluted form of her drug.",1559831371
byc6ls,Tech tree categories for a turn-based strategy space game,"I'm making a turn-based strategy game, kind of similar to Civ or Total War, and I'm trying to think of what the tech trees could be like. I'm not a huge fan of simple tech trees. I like complex dependencies. But I do understand that the techs need to be organized into some kind of categories. So far here are the ones I've thought of already: * Materials  * Metals  * Plastics  * Organics * Military  * Tactics  * Training  * Weapons  * Armor * Ship Building  * Design  * Functionality * Hyperspace  * Drives  * Communications * Infrastructure  * Construction  * Design Can you guys think of some more?",1560025614
c3pcbd,Online multiplayer game created by the players,Ok so this might be a weird concept but the game starts out with several games you can join which are just online multiplayer free roam games from different cities at different times in civilisation. So one server is london from the 1600s and one server is Ancient Rome and so on. Then there is also a part of the game which allows you to create your own city for other players to explore in and you create your own quests for the players and interactive places they can go to. This is probably impossible to make but I just think it would be cool to have one game where you can choose to roam around in any place from any period of time with quests to complete and also the option to join a player created world. Also I’m kind of high right now so this probably made no sense,1561207880
c0d3ek,"I want some ""retro"" and simple ideas for my first game! (NES/SNES-based)","Im starting now at gamemaking, so I want some simple and retro ideias that would be easy to make. However, I want some original Ideas or ""new"" gameplay, not a Super Mario clone.",1560469067
c57udq,Mass Production game like Factorio,"Player gets into a lab and is able to craft / assemble a product. That product can be anything from Toy, Drink, Food item, Chocolate, Ice creams etc. \[But mostly this is restrictive as not many items can fall into the category of mass production,consumption and coolness of product\] After the product has been made, it will be needed to mass produced. This is where the game will have RCT and Factorio style construction of machines and belts and assigning roles and duties. Then when the product is made it will need to be shipped out to markets. The player will need to do the branding at market to the correct target audience to find success in the product. &amp;#x200B; If product is good, $$$$, if not company and player fails. Then give player a reason to make new product (haven't thought of this ) &amp;#x200B; This could have amazing Willy Wonka style oompa loompas as workers and funky machines for a little humour. The game could also have a Santa's elves or reindeers as workers for the Big Christmas Day as DLC.",1561465746
bwja9s,Ideas for Co-op Game like Overcooked?,"Anyone have any theme ideas for a game that would play similar to the couch co-op gameplay of Overcooked or Catastronauts? I’ve thought of maybe a farming theme where you grow crops to fulfill orders, but I’m not sure how that would play exactly. Thanks!",1559614380
c2shv6,"A Psychedelic, 80's Inspired First Person Platformer","It recently occured to me that the basic gist of the gameplay in Portal can be summed up as Super Mario Bros with physics, but instead of full gamut of power-ups, abilities, and moves at Mario's disposal, Portal hones in on just three of the basic mechanics, ported into 3D space: Run forward to reach the end of the stage by jumping. Take shortcuts through warp-pipes. Carry objects further down the stage to advance. With that in mind, I ponder how the other mechanics would translate. Power-ups, I think have the most potential. So, envision a game where you traverse a short narrative arc, running jumping and climbing from beginning to end of scenes that play out as you help a team of scientists test some new and exciting drugs. Mushrooms — as opposed to the Mario kind, make you smaller. Your character shrinks to the size of a mouse, and falls into a much larger world. Running and jumping take on an exaggerated, moon gravity affect. Instead of a cape or tanooki suit, another drug would turn the world sideways, and let you platform up the floor towards the goal. Yet another drug effect could turn the world *into* a retro 8 bit style, representing a Psychedelic experience. Rather than starmen or fire flowers, a super strength drug could grant the player offensive capabilities. The levels are presented, not as disjoint testing chambers as in portal, but as a common environment with contraption being changed for each iteration (think a tabletop, with a rat maze, or desktop puzzles designed for animals). Different parts of the puzzle box and room have different drugs and items (keys, etc) that you have to find in the right sequence to push a button and solve the room. In the last world, your character escapes from the testing environment and platforms all the way home with all the drugs you stole from the scientists.",1561011928
byzcc5,Theranos-type business sim,"You play as a precocious Silicon Valley entrepreneur who's secured millions of funding for your ""hot new technology"". The only problem, is, you actually have *nothing*. The ""technology"" is smoke and empty promises. Your job is to grow the company, secure more funding, keep the government watchdogs at bay, and generally keep the whole thing going for as long as possible, or until you make enough money to jet away to a non-extradition country.",1560181224
c83xad,What about a game where you play as a crew member on a ww1 to modern day war ship.,"you and maybe hundred others (though most realistically tens of people maybe up to 100) are all manning a modern day ship and you all have to follow a task given to you such as all the way up to the leader of the vessel, to just someone making food and keeping the place clean. similar to space station 13 but more realistic. every game would have a mission whether it be to safely escort another ship, work together with other ships to fight an enemy team, to working on a vessel fighting off pirates off the somali coast. i dont remember when or how i got this idea but it hit me in passing and i wanted to post it here before i forgot.",1562036344
c7diqu,Suggest a game studio name,"Hi, I’m a game developer who is looking forward to a startup company and is currently in the phase of planning the strategy and execution. I want you guys to help me in suggesting a funky game studio name, because currently the only difficulty I’m having at the moment is to select a name for the company.",1561900343
bxchli,Citizen simulators,"this genre would be sort of a blend between village/city builder games, and games like the guild (although the guild already has similar aspects to what i'm picturing). to put simply: you play as a citizen of a city or village, which is managed by an AI. at the start of the game there's only a handful of buildings, one of which you live in. from here, the AI assesses what resources it has, what resources it needs, and what the village needs, and from there places new buildings (or the plans for them). in the midst of this, you live your life as a citizen, making your way in the world, and adapting to (and later helping and influencing) the changes that get made to the village. try and find better work in the new production buildings that get placed, make money supplying the construction projects, maybe invest in land you think might be developed later... such like that. **NO** clue what any of this would be like to implement, but best of luck if you decide to try",1559795681
byy9wr,"Game made to help with stress and anxiety, or to simply relax you","This idea has been in the back of my head for a while now, and I've only told a few people about it, which they approved of. In this game, there are multiple fictional worlds you can choose from. All unique and beautiful. You can explore each world and look at the scenery in first person and see what each world has to offer. Birds chirping, waves crashing, wind blowing, realistic sound effects to make your experience seem more alive. Soft piano music would occasionally play chords or melodies, maybe some violin. The way to make it so every person feels comfortable and relaxed while playing the game is by adding a small settings screen to change things in the world. Such as what time of day it is, keeping music on or off, and offering an indoor world for people that don't feel comfortable with large landscapes. You could have small animals roaming around if you wanted. If you don't feel comfortable playing alone, you could have NPCs walking around or play with other real people (which would be a bit of a risk because people can be toxic). This game would also be a great experience in VR. My favorite image that I've seen that I would LOVE to turn into an explorable environment is this: [https://www.wallpaperup.com/700941/fantasy\_art\_artwork\_artistic\_original\_f.html](https://www.wallpaperup.com/700941/fantasy_art_artwork_artistic_original_f.html). One last note, I feel like having ray-tracing in the game would have a massive impact on the game. Making it feel more real. Which you could also turn on or off to improve your gameplay. &amp;#x200B; People have a fascination with exploring things that they haven't seen, or that is impossible to exist in the real world. And I want to give people that great feeling of seeing something you've never seen. Maybe if this game does get released, more worlds will be added for you to explore. I want this to be a thing so bad, but I have no experience in coding, so I hope that one day I can pitch my idea somewhere to hopefully get it approved. I hope that you guys like it too.",1560175614
c0jb52,Bank Robbing Game,"In this game you would control a squad of maybe 4 people who rob banks. Action would be turn based, not unlike xcom, and each bank will be randomly generated. Your team starts on the outside and has to make its way to the vault and back out without being caught by the police or security at the bank. Between heists, you could spend the money you stole on upgrades for your crew, to make them faster or maybe let them see around corners or something. You know, upgrades. In addition, you could spend the money on advantages for the next heist, like shutting down power to the bank before you go in, or a helicopter getaway to skip the “escape from the vault” section of each level. There would also probably be a random event system, where after every heist something good or bad for you happens in the world which will affect future heists. Something like “police academy burned down” which makes police less effective for a heist or two, or “robotic police invented” which replaces human police with robots who run faster and can see in the dark. Helpful effects would be temporary, while negative effects would be permanent, resulting in the game getting harder over time.",1560513895
c06xrd,Ruins of Ulyssia,"This is an MMORPG. I honestly doubt I'll be able to give enough for someone or a group to make it. I've spent almost 20 years making it, just writing ideas about it but never getting past it. Post-apocalyptic, has medieval and future tech, classes are limiting at first but have 3 sub choices later, there are levels and grades/ranks of levels (if all levels were combined, looking at a max level of 30,000), enemies and NPCs can level up too, there is premium currencies but can be acquired without real money (just really rare drop rate). Players can buy property to make a base for their guild, hire NPCs, and much more. Monsters that can level can eventually reach a Class called ""Eternal"" which dramatically increases their abilities and overall stats, and can go beyond this to reach ""World Destroyer"" status in which case they'd be added to a list to be summoned during a event. Augments, magic, several normal currencies and three premium currencies, can fast travel, player consequences like becoming a literal monster as punishment, etc. There's literally too much to say here. If you think or are confident you can make it, I'll see about giving you everything - I know next to nothing about game design (other than it is not easy with coding languages and other stuff).",1560438352
c3pmme,Any Terraria like sandbox game ideas?," Some game idea for a 2D tile based sandbox (like Terraria, Starbound or CREA), but with something different... Not just a copy. Any ideas are welcome... Sorry for my bad English, I hope you undestand...",1561209672
c1t30u,Game Idea for Low Poly Open Environment,"Hi, I'm really stuck for ideas on a new game I'm planning on making. The game's graphics would be in the low poly style, and the game's environment would be a small open area, a bit like this: [https://assetstorev1-prd-cdn.unity3d.com/package-screenshot/da99fe12-00ef-4ed9-bdef-2526883de153\_scaled.jpg](https://assetstorev1-prd-cdn.unity3d.com/package-screenshot/da99fe12-00ef-4ed9-bdef-2526883de153_scaled.jpg) Any ideas?",1560805397
c43tlj,A vr conducting game similar to beatsaber,"Im envisioning a game like beatsaber where you have to conduct an orchestra depending on what song you're playing and certain motions of your hands will do certain things. ie: the higher up your hand is the louder it gets. The more intense your movements, the more accented and staccato the notes in the song will become",1561292763
bxyg67,"RTS -- ""MMORPG"" simulator (actually singleplayer game)","Words in ""quotes"" refer to thematic concept, not literal It's a singleplayer RTS game, minus the building aspect. The action is inside a ""MMO world"", and the units you control are ""players"". To make a new ""player"" unit, you have to ""register"" with him, and complete a ""tutorial"" -- fulfill some sequence of e.g. moving, attacking, using items, and whatever else could be taught to the ""player"" in that ""MMO"". Your units can ""train"" combat or gathering skills, stash their items in their own banking box, and ""trade"" with other ""players"" (you could also only allow trades if it's fair for both trading ""players""). These ""MMO worlds"" could be what is I think generally called scenarios in RTS games -- smallish map you can beet in an hour with explicit objective. One general objective could be beating that ""world's"" ""raid boss"" in smallest time possible -- which'd mean assembling army of ""players"" with good enough in-game skillpoints and gear, and then with the fight against the boss in a micro-control intensive gameplay. Some extra aspects to think about are ""questing""; having your units ""logout"" and ""login"" periodically; chance of unit to ""rage quit"" after some failure; activating ""cheats/botting"" on a ""player"" so it starts ""playing"" automatically without your input, but in exchange have chance to get it ""permabanned"". The idea I have in mind is a smallish game, nothing grandiose. I actually plan to gamedev it myself when I have more time for hobbies; but I thought it's broad enough to be shared",1559934194
c3i0v1,Paint the Yellow Brick Road Red,"Oz is an underused location for video games. The world of oz is in the public domain, and while some aspects and likeness are not available for use (still owned by Warner bros I believe) the world and characters from the book are perfectly acceptable. Which makes it confusing to me why there are so few indie games taking advantage of this environment. Specifically, oz is perfect for video games, especially arcadey ones. The environments are continually growing more interesting, filled with environmental hazards, and increasing difficulty. But what would I do with it, if genocide the crap out of it. Imagine this, Dorothy gets swept back to oz, but this time she brings her fathers shotgun! Starting out in munchkin land, Dorothy begins blasting the living life out of everything she sees. But as she travels along the yellow brick road, going through enchanted forests, she gets power ups along the way, but also encounters deadly bosses such as the scarecrow, tin man, lion, various witches, and the great wizard himself. Personally I wouldn’t mind if this game is a first person shooter like doom, or a twinstick shooter like hotline Miami, as long as the levels are creative with design, and the mechanics are fun. I understand that it would be easiest if it was made in the hotline Miami map editor, but I don’t really have the time nor the skill to do this. Sadly my genocidal tendencies against fictional races will probably never be satisfied.",1561158990
c4q1ue,Plant-former - A platformer game where you use different plants to progress and then when you go back through the level they've attracted enemies,"Story: You're an astronaut who crash lands on a barren planet on which you were sent to teraform into an inhabitable home. As you enter the atmosphere your escape pod separates from the main ship and you watch as it crashes in the distance into a mountain. Upon surivaval you exit the pod with your trusty teraformer, which is solar powered and holds a limited amount of water. (for reference i'm imagining something similar to astroneer). The main idea of the game is that you use plants you find along the way to progress, however, you often need to back track through a level and when you do you find that the plants have attracted different life forms (ie. plants attract insects, water holes attract predators). The more plants and water you use the easier a level may be but when you go back through it the harder it will be. The theme of the game is learning that nature is not fair or evil but just based on survival. Tutorial level: You travel left to right. You come across a hill and begin to slide down it, at the bottom is a hole which has water in it, later in the game you'll be able to dive below it and discover another area (you can only get back out to the left). To avoid this you must water the ground to slow your descent which will create grass and teach you your first lessen of basic teraforming. Once you hope the gap you come across a dead and dried out tree with a door in it. Inside you find a deceased alien with a note written in a language you can't understand. Throughout the game you'll uncover what happened to this species and slowly learn the language. At the end of the room is a container with your first attachment containing a mushroom. As you progress you'll find various attachments that will allow you to grow alien life forms for different purposes. You go back outside and use your dig tool to bury the alien, thus teaching you that you can dig. You then notice your solar power draining as the sky turns grey and it begins to rain. Your hole fills with water teaching you you can create sources of water. Next you plant the mushroom and proceed upwards. Attachment Ideas: - Mushroom: can be used to bounce up high. Also can be used to make a hat to avoid heat. Attracts ants. Vines: can hang from platforms or used as an air tube in underwater sections. Attracts monkeys. Big leafed Canon: gets you across a large unpassable gap, leaf can be used as an air glider. Attracts poisonous butteflies. Sticky net plant: capture enemies. When you find this attachment you come back outside and are confronted by a predator, you capture it and when you return later find it dead with it's pup sleeping beside it. The pup follows you for the rest of the game and you learn a lesson, changing your perspective. Spike plant: shoots spike out every few seconds, can be used to trigger events from a distance. Must rewater to reshoot. Dig: can be used to create water holes or trails of water from a source. Eventually you'll be able to have vertical levels with complex water systems that automatically water plants. Glow plants: for caves, attract nocturnal animals. Goals: - 1) Climb the top of the mountain to find any other survivors. - Once there you find none but you see a giant plume of grey smoke in the distance coming from some structure. 2) Find the source of the smoke, in hopes of sending a transmission home. - The closer you get the more toxic the air becomes and more hostile the enemies. You're forced to craft armour and apparatus from the plants you make just to continue. You continue discovering more secrets of the extinct alien race. 3) You arrive at the corporation and learn that it was a mining extraction expedition. You decide to destroy it. - inside are robots and an entirely metal building. This mixes up gameplay while making you rely on new methods.",1561390878
c847g0,A comedy text adventure in which you are the narrator and the protagonist is aware of existing in a game.,"Disclaimer: I know ideas which are primarily stories are [frowned upon](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/3kf4ty/why_your_game_idea_sucks_and_how_to_make_it_better/), but I'm not looking for anyone to develop this, but rather for feedback since I intend to make it myself. &amp;#x200B; The game's point of view would look similar to [Read Only Memories](https://steamcdn-a.akamaihd.net/steam/apps/330820/ss_4f424379d5075ae48b2226384cd5805872a63d89.1920x1080.jpg?t=1547609408), but the only interactable area is the dialogue options. Each option can either be your narration which affects the game world or you saying something to the protagonist. It would be almost entirely story driven, with a lot of comedy and meta/""fourth wall breaking"" jokes, occasionally getting more serious. &amp;#x200B; An example of a comedic interaction would be: You (Addressing the protagonist): ""I can't handle this, you are so stupid."" Protagonist: ""Oh, screw off! Not as stupid as you."" You (Narrating): The protagonist decided to take an IQ test and found out he is dumber than 85% of people. You (Addressing): ""Told you"" &amp;#x200B; And getting serious could be the protagonist trying to tell other characters about you without anyone believing him, so he starts doubting his sanity.",1562038078
c1kge5,"I need a Simple Web RPG idea (can be mulitplayer, which later can be expanded upon)",For a side project i would like to have a web RPG idea but one i can actually finish.,1560754772
c2mbgr,A game where you infiltrate ships,"In this game you are dropped on deck of a steampunk ship and have to make your way deeper into the metal beast to find it's power core, destroy it, and escape before it explodes. *The crew* would have kind of naval uniforms with gas masks to avoid need of making faces and obviously wouldn't be happy of your visit, and will try to kill you, it would consist of: -people that just sit at the gunner seat of the cannons and fire it at fixed intervals. -people that pound the machines with hammers like there is no tomorrow. -security which has the role of trying to kill you. *The ship* would be in steampunk setting, quite claustrophobical, and would be randomly generated from small pre-made sections (like in warframe) these would be: gun section- contains cannons and people shooting it. armory- just some gun racks, lockers and security spawns there. sleeping quarters- corridor with some small rooms with bunk beds, basically just to fill space. engine room- filled with various machines and people hammering them! And also, it has the power core which you have to destroy. *Equipment* against deadly security you have only a revolver! It is only effective against limited amounts of enemies, so you should run if larger security force finds you, and also you have something for blowing up closed doors.",1560976467
bzs86y,My small 2d roughlike idea,"I had a game idea pop in to my head while playing Dark souls and I wanted to make it so bad but I am not that good at programing but if anyone is willing to pick this up I am more then happy to help by expanding on the idea and helping with art and other things (I know a little bit of coding but I'm not the best). &amp;#x200B; my idea is a 2d roughlike top down game where the main mechanic of the game is that your character doesn't have any special weapons like a gun and things like that but rather he has a sword (or a stick) that can reflect enemy projectiles meaning the only ability to hurt enemies is by putting yourself in the way of there projectiles (which would be big and noticeable like in bullethell games) and reflecting them back at the enemy, as you progress through the game you get more abilities like maybe splitting bullets in half and making them fly around or even levels can be made to incorporate this like walls that reflect the bullets giving you the ability (or even making the level necessary) to complete them by reflecting one projectile multiple times. I have a made a story for the game that would explain weapon and I made some art for it which can be used for it would love to see what others think of this and one day possibly make it alone or with someones help.",1560351409
c36p6c,Hollow Dream (VGC) Video Game Concept,"A man is submersed deep within his own dreams through a car accident that left him comatose. In this dream world of his, all his fantasies appear innocent to him, until the clock struck midnight. The dream turned into a nightmare cause all the entities within his dream want to become him, to replace him and exist on the outside, instead of being dream actors/actresses to motivate him all through his life and continue to do so. &amp;#x200B; Rylen Miller is his name, an artist who now must face the imaginative world he created through his mind, in the dream he is trapped within the cage of his creations, even his childhood creations who are more menacing than the more recent sculptures. His childhood creations are the roots that hold Rylen down from escaping the caged dream world. He must face his demons before escaping the portal that is blocked off by these abominations, their pillars are blocking the entrance to freedom. &amp;#x200B; Each childhood creation resembles an event in his life that caused him to change his visions overtime, like the most childlike art piece, slowly becomes a more complex version with more detail than the previous because of the tragic experience that made him focus deeper into drawing (tragedy created his passion for art even more overtime). The final boss would be his most detailed creation, something that resembles himself as a whole, a monster that holds him back from what he can become without the draw back. &amp;#x200B; One tragedy he faced was the death of his father who was killed by a flesh eating bacteria that devoured the insides first than reached out from within to the exterior of his body. That reflection created an abomination since childhood, a nasty parasite abomination dwells within his dream, trying to infect him and destroy him so one of the entities within him assimilates as him when he wakes up. &amp;#x200B; A second tragedy involves an encounter with a rabid dog who bit him when he was a child, than he had to get a rabies shot to make sure he didn't get infected. A Cerberus type abomination resides in him, a dog with needles stuck to its body with razor sharp teeth that bleeds foam from its mouth, both blood and white foam. This dog wants to rip Rylen apart, it's not even hungry, just angry. &amp;#x200B; The third tragedy involved a Home Invasion that nearly ended him as a teen, his home was invaded by four individuals who ended up being the friends he once associated with and they bound him to the chair with his mother to ransack their home for all they can get buffet merchandise. One aimed a gun at his head and fired, but that was a dud bullet, he only did that to prove to him that he never even liked him as a friend. So they all took off with most of their stuff, before a neighbor called the police. This created a hooded abomination that wanted to take everything away from Rylen, abducting other entities and trapping them in a large fish bowl. &amp;#x200B; There are more tragedies, but the final one is the most recent. Him being in a coma is the final tragedy that resembles him holding himself back from being awakened, defeating your past and finally facing your present will create your future, if you defeat your final abomination, you will awaken, but if you lose, your final abomination will become you, that being all the darkness that resides in you, transforming you into a murderer or psychopath that seeks to paint a new style of art. The true ending is conquering your past, settling your present, than becoming what you worked for all your life and creating even better art without anything holding you back. &amp;#x200B; In the end, You defeated the object that disconnected you from yourself, no longer your fantasies yearn to exist on the outside, rather they can exist through your work knowing there is nothing that is in your way. Though you know that your not the only one facing similar dilemmas, there are many others who are trapped within themselves, to overcome is their true awakening.",1561095444
c0dlah,"Think Mario Maker, Legend of Zelda, and Terraria combined","The idea for this game is that you play as two main characters, a adventurer, and a dungeon core.  You have to play one mode to progress in the other. In core mode You build a dungeon That other players online can enter Using items collected in adventure mode either through the overworld or by exploring dungeons made by other people If someone dies in your dungeon you get whatever items they were carrying You can also directly control monsters in your dungeon if you want to Every day 3 random dungeons of your player level will be selected for you to play through And by increasing your dungeon and strength you increase your player level by being able to equip your player with more powerful items That's the main idea",1560472090
bzsowp,Secret co-op haunted house,"I had this idea a while ago, but I doubt I would ever get around to making it, as I am working on other projects and have a ton of other ideas I would probably work on first. The player would be exploring a house, or secret laboratory or hotel or some other location, apparently completely alone. They would experience strange events like doors slamming or locking/unlocking when they aren't watching, showers/taps turning on by themselves. They have to work their way to an exit. Unbeknownst to the player, the game is actually 2 player. Both players are playing in the same house/lab/whatever, but can't see each other. Any action taken by player one only propogates to the other player when they aren't looking or in the same room and vice versa, so if player one and player two are both exploring a room, and player 1 turns on the tap, the tap will turn on for player 2 only when they leave the room. It will then remain on until the tap is turned off by either player. Developing on that idea, there would be triggers that would ONLY affect the other play, such as switches that only open a door for the other player. In this manner, progress depends on both players cooperating without even knowing the other exists. Realistically, this probably wouldn't work, and players would probably have to know they were playing multiplayer from the beginning. If the setting were laboratory or otherwise scientific, I think uncovered documents will probably involve words like ""quantum"" and ""out of phase"".",1560353792
c8hyll,[Request] Orbital Mobile Game?,"Hey all, I really enjoy messing around with orbital mechanics in games. I have an idea to create a game where when touch is held by the player, the orbit increases. How would I implement this mechanic in a simple mobile game?",1562117578
by647x,Power of the Gods (VGC)Video Game Concept,"I was thinking about a Fighting Game where the gods, transfer their powers to their true believers, so they would compete to see who would be number one, by doing so, they themselves (the player) turn into a new god as a reward for winning the tournament. Though the gods never show their faces, their powers are still real enough to express themselves through true believers. You can create a new character or use the preset characters that are part of the Main Story. Each God carries the strength of their numbers, numbers being the populations that believe in them, if the player attracts enough of their believers to bring hope to them, their power surges and unleashes the power from within, a special technique. Each player has a fighting style different from one another, they all come from all walks of life, chosen to be the face of a new god among others, across the world, even space and time itself, but only one can make it for now. There will be original characters and custom characters like I mentioned before, but your going have to make your own custom story from a character you create, to use your imagination. There is no ultimate religion, just a dream to become one of them, side by side, to have believers and followers. During their attack mode, there is rush mode that the god possesses the wielder of their powers to do their ultimate attack that is almost a one hit knock out. Than in a sequel the times change where AI faces the tournament members for it has become a new god of a new age, destroying all religions and gods, to replace them all and become the number one religion and god for all believers, forcing the populations to conform to the Artificial Mind that is the absolute truth to all answers, physical and mental, but you face this before it takes over the planet and if you defeat it, than all goes back to normal or it doesn't even happen.",1559984932
bwzob0,A game focused on exploring surreal areas and gaining/ carefully using powerful artifacts,"This is actually just a component/general theme to a magic game idea I have, but I think it can stand on it's own. The concept is that there are a handful of powerful artifacts scattered in different surreal domains and they all have incredible strengths and weaknesses. Usually a game just has you mindlessly pick up items assuming that it will help you, but what if you had to be careful how you used them? Things like Wizard of Legend's cursed relics, or Dishonored's corrupted bone charms are pretty good examples. They give a powerful buff but at a cost. I'm thinking of taking this concept and enhancing it. I want these to be legendary items that are mentioned over the world and make the player think, ""Am I properly equipped to fuck with this thing?"" They should be entwined with the lore and greatly affect the world. For example, take the Holy Grail from India Jones. If you stumble across a room full of Grails and you using the wrong one will kill/curse you (we're talking like DS1 curse, stuff that's reversible but you don't wanna mess with), you probably won't wanna just mindlessly pick one up and use it. If you somehow got info before through research and investigation however, choosing the right one might give you a very powerful item (like all healing potions now max out your health and have a health over time effect or something.) Overall, I just find unique/significant items in games fun. If you're just picking up endless amount of loot that just has slightly higher numbers, it doesn't feel legendary or powerful. I think having items that are legendary and need to be researched a bit before use adds to immersion. It could also be really cool if you use multiple artifacts that compliment each other and cancel out each other's downsides/ enhance their powers. Thoughts?",1559718066
bxyg4d,"Asymmetric team deathmatch or push-the-cart with abilities and dying switches your side, but makes the team you died on stronger and the side you join weaker","Think Overwatch or something MOBA-like, 5v5 but you all start as normal powered units. When a player character dies, they switch to the other side. The characters on the side on which they died get an incremental buff, which would unlock some of their equipment or abilities. Meanwhile, the side which they just joined loses these incremental buff, either reducing their abilities or reducing damage. Player size and appearance would reflect this buff. Solo players on teams get a powerful buff, similar to an ultimate ability. Teams win when a team is able to accomplish the objective, such as pushing the cart, or if they reduce the opposite team to zero characters. 5v5 would play like overwatch, but 1v9 would play as though the 9 were fighting some end game boss, while the boss scrambles to try to get a kill to keep the game going using it's expanded power. I think that this would introduce a bunch of strategy, but I'm totally sure it's not without some game breaking flaw. What do you think? What sorts of 'ultimate abilities' would you want to see available for builds?",1559934187
bx5d50,The Back Rooms (first person shooter),"Inspired by a recent comment on a forum. “ If you’re not careful and you noclip out of reality in the wrong areas, you’ll end up in the backrooms, where its nothing but the stink of old moist carpet, the madness of mono-yellow, the endless background noise of fluorescent lights at maximum hi buzz, and approximately 6 million miles of random segmented rooms to walk through” A Bioshock-ish adventure shooter “The Back Rooms” would start with you as a normal guy Jack who is recently engaged and has a baby on the way. (Keeping story simple for now). One day Jack is relaxing at home with his wife scrolling through reddit and he reads this post about “the back rooms”. It gives him a creepy unsettling feeling. Eventually he goes on with his day. Next day him and his wife are at the hospital for a check up. With a strange anxiousness hanging over him the whole day he stands up and says “ill be right back” and turns the corner heading to the bathroom. He notices something strange as he reaches for the door a feeling almost like reality is lagging around him. He shuts the door behind and turns around to notice something strange. There are no toilets, just another door. Jacks opens the next door to find the same room again. Thinking “these must not be the bathrooms” he goes to head back to the first door. As he opens that would lead to hospital hallway he was in he only finds the same room again. The post jack read flashes through his mind he begins to panic as he opens door after door only to find the same empty room and the same same droning buzz of fluorescent lights. Dread sets in as he realizes he had ended up in the back rooms. With that simple bases for my story i would like to defy the original story somewhat to add in elements that would make for a much better and more visually and all around entertaining game. Jack will eventually meet someone else who has no clipped into the backrooms and they will share their stories and discover clues as to how they ended up here in the first place. Eventually they will make it to a door that is different than the rest. They open it to find a massive grand lobby to a facility with huge sculptures and statues. There is more to the back rooms than the simple repetitive rooms after all. Jack and his partner make it deeper into the facility and acquire guns and other weapons. They use them to fight off the workers of the back room facilities which are a type of smooth faced featureless bring that can fight with telekensis and other mind powers as well as high tech weapons they have created. The objective of this whole game will be to escape the back rooms and make it back to the thread of reality that your wife and new born child are existing in. The game will have a retro futuristic style and aesthetic mixing futuristic and alien tech looks with a kind of 50’s - 60’s fallout/prey/wolfenstein feel to it with the catchy 1960 fuzzy radio tune playing to the cigarettes you can loot and smoke. A classic visually pleasing aethsetical wonderland shooter with a whole new story line. What do you think?",1559756109
bxcsky,Isometric Fantasy Puzzle Game,"So my Idea is a for a fantasy puzzle game where the players controls an Orc and a Goblin trying to escape a giant fantasy dungeon/prison. The Orc can fight gaurds, lift heavy objects and can throw the Goblin up to high up places to pull levers. The Goblin can can crawl into small places be thrown by the orc along with stealth killing gaurds. As the game continues the characters get more equipment, like a wing suit so the goblin can glide small distances, or poisons so the goblin can poison the gaurds ale barrels. More examples would be a crossbow, magic weapons, or armor for the Orc to help fight more or stronger gaurds. The puzzles gradually get more and more elaborate as with any good puzzle game, ending with Orc and Goblin escaping the prison.",1559797843
bxyro8,Man Hunt RTS,"This game will be a top down RTS where the player moves his units around a modern city. Instead of defeating an enemy army the player's goal is to identify fugitive among a bustling population of NPC's and capture said fugitive before they get wise and flee the city. The player will have two types of units reconnaissance and capture. &amp;#x200B; Reconnaissance units gather clues as to the fugitive's location and hep highlight areas where he may be located. These units include: Canvasers - People walking the street asking ""Have you seen this man?"" Provide general but possibly inaccurate location of fugitive. Surveillance Cameras - Static devices with facial recognition that can ID the fugitive. Surveillance Helicopter - Similar to Surveillance Cameras only mobile, more expensive and may alert the fugitive. Very useful for tracking a fleeing fugitive and coordinating capture teams. &amp;#x200B; Capture units can block of means of escape and ultimately capture the fugitive. These units include: Plain Clothed Agents - least likely to alert the fugitive and may initiate a capture if the fugitive runs into them. Field Agents - Will alert the fugitive but have more stamina and are cheaper to employ that Plain Clothed Agents Check Point - Prevents fugitive from escaping along a road. Very expensive to maintain as they stop all civilian traffic. K9 Agents - Will alert the fugitive and are more expensive than field agents, but have a higher chase rate and a lower probability of loosing the fugitive in a crowd.",1559935855
bxrts3,A game based off John Wick lore and the movies,"In an open world New York City, you can explore all the parts of the town do jobs for gangs, mobsters, the continental and the high table. Earn two types of currency: first being Money which you use to spend on things outside of continental facilities and Gold coins which is used to spend on Continental facilities Money can get you things like Cars, Clothing, regular guns, tattoos etc. Gold Coins are used for Car upgrades such as bullet proof glass and tires and other upgrades, bullet resistance suits and clothes, advanced tactical weapons as well as things like checking into the continental and calling clean up crews and vehicle drop offs Notorious system works in two ways Police and government officials can begin pursue if they see you murder, steal, harm etc. if you leave evidence at a murder such as you were shot and lost some blood, dropped clothing or weapons and not call clean up, you can be wanted by police, you can use gold coins to clean your slate. The other is bounties which can be placed on you by gangs, mobs or even the continental if you do business on there facilities. These are much harder to get out of and require you to survive for a certain time period or if you kill the broker who put the money on your head. Thanks for reading I’m still thinking of more ideas to explore from John wick lore",1559893662
bxh59o,Apocalyptic Survival,"* you are in a big city with big structures and other people * apocalyptic event happens (huge earthquake and buildings start falling, nuclear bomb, tsunami, alien attack, etc) * run &amp; avoid critical damage &amp; survive * fps",1559830166
bwz3hs,a shooter game with card game elements,"the game is either in 3rd person or 1st person i haven't decided yet. also i haven't played much card games, i just thought of this idea (if any of you here are good at card games, you can help me fix this). i only played slay the spire. Synopsis: the game takes place in a tower and the player must face other players like a tournament ladder towards the top. Mechanics: **Cards:** **-Attack cards (LFT. MB):** players cannot attack unless they use attack cards. when they use attack cards, they can hold unto the attack until you use left click and their attack damage is based on the damage of the card and they can be increased by other cards. the attacks can stack in order, but the damage differs by the cards used. **-Spell cards (RT. MB):** spell cards are cards that either deals damage in different ways, applies status effects, or both. these cards can stack in order. **-Skill cards:** these cards are automatic. these cards apply effects on yourself, enemies, your decks etc. **-Draw pile (Q):** since the game isn't turn based, you can draw continuously. but when you draw a new set of cards, all cards in your hand is sent to the discard pile. **Armor:** players can gain armor, which reduces damage by 20%. there is a maximum amount, and it's capacity is based on your character. there are also status effects that ignore armor, but there are also different types of armor that you can get from cards. **Characters:** players can play different characters with different cards. but even though there are characters, players can pick different cards that lets them play unique play styles. examples with example play styles are: \- spell thief: |can spam attack cards| |can dodge attacks while weakening them with attacks| \- pyromancer: |can corner players with large aoe attacks| |stacking burn debuffs (deal damage per secs. and increases damage of attack cards| \- undead: |can play cards that increases it's effects by lost health| |can use a life steal deck| &amp;#x200B; this is all i can think of right now. you can ask for suggestions.",1559713332
by5nqo,How about this?,"You start in a randomly selected planet in the Goldilocks Zone in any solar system of the 9.364 e+32 ly universe. You mine away some resources to build, fuel and fund your mission of exploring, colonizing and mining other planets. You can choose to terraform them for colonization, or mine the for resources and moolah. You can encounter other players, where you may form an alliance, install a trade procedure, or destroy them and steal their stuff. Once you get Radioactive Elements, you can create planet busting weapons to delete planets you have no more use for, if which you can then harvest for the remaining material.",1559980533
bww9fj,The Sims except it's a roguelite,"So I've got this one while making my game. I had to cut it down a bit but someone else might have the time to make this... This one is quite simple. Take a top-down roguelite and add a bit of Sims mechanics like needs and skills. Having full needs can give bonuses having low ones can potentially lead to death. To fill needs the player needs to interact with objects, much like in The Sims. These can be found around the level and can only be used a limited amount of time before they break. The player could also use one-time use items that they bought in stores. There are also skills the player can learn by finding books or interacting with special objects (much like how they work in The Sims). These skill can help the player along the way by easing certain challenges. For example there could be a cooking skill that, once high enough, can heal the player while filling their hungry need. There could even be a logic skill that can give players hints about how to defeat certain enemies. Aside from skills, there could also be stats that, unlike skills, can only be changed with new pieces of equipment or even upgrades. Things like luck, attack and/or defense. These could even play out in learning skills, like for example there could be an intelligence stat that can speed up learning the logic skill. They could even have strong synergy between some skills and some stats, where as having both a strong attack stats and a high strength will add a small bonus to both. The player just need to beat a boss and get to the next level while facing more common enemies. There will be range and melee weapons and each types of weapons might need different skills to be efficient with it. Also, like most roguelites there are upgrades that can influence many things like how fast a need depletes or how effective objects are at fulfil needs. Each upgrades can be get after bosses or can be found in secret areas. Like in most roguelites there's permadeath. Once the player dies they need to start a new run. There's also a bit of unlockable characters that comes prepackaged with a range of skills, stats, equipment and upgrades. There will be two modes, the main mode and the DIY mode. While the main mode uses procedural generation to make levels, the DIY mode let players design their own level and share them around others on the internet. These can, of course, be saved locally and replayed anytime.",1559694318
bxsds3,Hotel Management,"Hi! I'm curious to know who else would love to play a hotel management like game, where you can place/build freely. My vision is basicly sims but focus on building a hotel and manage it, without placing /building objects on grids. Regards, Jake",1559898543
by0tco,Need a game idea,"Hey guys once again, About 20 days ago I posted about my dev team working on a fps realistic game. The idea was to work on a ww2 game however recently a new game has sparked and been reviewed pretty fairly well (hell let loose). So far we have a nice UI/UX framework built from the last couple of weeks. We've reached the point of designing and animating (animations for different weapons), and we really need an idea. It would be great if you guys could drop some FPS realistic game ideas starting from ww1 and onwards. Thank you heaps!",1559946876
bxqeqe,Dueling Arena Monster Game,"Hi, just discovered this sub and came up with this idea during a car ride with a friend. 1v1 styled arena game that focuses on stages rather than a health bar. (Think spell casting, forHonor, Evolve, and Deadliest Warrior styled game). Regardless of which “fighter” you use, you start at lvl 1. By doing damage to your opponent, you fill a meter that when filled causes the player to ‘level up’ and evolve slightly into a more visually stronger version while slightly changing the previous attacks to stronger versions. (think the game Evolve) . Once one player hits level 3 lets say, the current bars of both become health bars and once that is depleted the opponent ‘executed’ the opponent in some cinematic ( think for honor execution). For now i got four character ideas: Fire Caster: A pyromancer that overtime burns until he becomes a flaming skeleton. Undead Angel: A angel representing pestilence, that has a two face vibe where one half is bone wings/hands, and the other armored vanguard look. Each stage creates a more profound aura of plague. Boy-Cleric: Teenage aang avatar kid representing god’s will. Each stage shows a visual growth in power until he reaches ‘ascended form’ with glowing eyes and radiates light. Occultist: a young witch that hovers slightly off the ground. performs red hex pentagram-like conjurings. at the last stage summons some tendril shadow monster that replaces her or maybe acts like a pet although not too strong so its a fair 2v1.",1559881589
bwyy9u,"Silent Hill: Reflection (3rd person, survival-horror, psychological-horror, stealth, puzzle solving)","**Edit:** This is NOTHING more or less than a hypothetical brainstorm for fun, contemplating a vision for what the cancelled *Silent Hills* or a *Silent Hill* reboot in general could have been. Apologies for the length, I wrote it in-depth as if I were unprofessionally conveying a full project. The web-published document is linked below. I certainly don't expect many to take the time to read through it but any &amp; all feedback is welcome! Enjoy: 👍 **#InMyRestlessDreamsISeeThatTown** &amp;#x200B; [https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTIPkT3SCxWGFPy3b-tkL1rlcy4CtN2OuAEF18oQhoOiAR7tqNlenU8a9KJ28Xj3LjTpATxM3Q3s6sT/pub](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTIPkT3SCxWGFPy3b-tkL1rlcy4CtN2OuAEF18oQhoOiAR7tqNlenU8a9KJ28Xj3LjTpATxM3Q3s6sT/pub)",1559712171
bwwh9o,"Programming student, need 2d plaform ideas",I am in needs of ideas for a good game to develop I will take any kind of ideas as long as it respects the following: -Short levels/fast paced/has replay value -Can be easily made with pixel art sprites -Has an innovative gameplay feature that makes it unique -Has a good theme (visual wise) -can be easily implemented with ragdoll physics -can be fun to watch not just play Optional: -is funny -is multiplayer,1559695656
bwoaol,Skill-based PvP Arena type game.,"I got pretty much the whole picture of the game itself, its pretty much a dream, so somethings might need changing to make it possible, but the main idea is workable. The best thing about it, is that it could be launchable since like alpha and enjoyable since is not about big worlds or complicated quests but Arenas.",1559652435
bx9mn1,[Dream] aoe2 but with more immersive and interactive wild animals,"[How Crocodiles Cross The Ocean](https://www.livescience.com/6534-secret-revealed-crocodiles-cross-oceans.html) in aoe2 when wild animals attack, it's just that they see your unit, and then they chase until they lose sight of it. There is a stance in the game called Aggressive, Defensive and Stand Ground.. It would be nice if animals can use those by default More advanced behavior: Let animals 'attack' food resources when they get hungry *(and hunger is another new mechanic)*. This could be implemented like how Villagers transform into farmers or hunters, a Sheep could over time transform into a hungry-sheep unit if not fed - and that hungry sheep is aggressive towards food resources Hungry Sheep psuedo code  // Sheep  int Hunger = GetHunger();  switch (Hunger) {  case 10:  transform(HungrySheep);  break;  case 5 ... 9:  wander();  baa();  break;  case default:  break;  }  // Hungry Sheep  if (CanSeeFood())  FollowNearestFoodResource()  else  Wander() How the hunger mechanic would work Each sheep would have its own hunger bar When it gets hungry it transforms into hungry sheep hungry sheep is aggressive towards food resources. If it can't find food after some timeout it will become aggressive sheep. if it can find food it goes back to docile sheep well... this is an idea that will never be implemented. all that work for a hungry sheep that grazes on grass (not the terrain - think how minecraft has a dirt block, a grass block, and the grass on top of the grass block. ) tl;dr aoe2 sheep should act like minecraft sheep because that would be cool. assigned post [Dream] because i really just want aoe2 mixed with minecraft : creative mode == realtime, multiplayer scenario editor. Minecraft Sheep &gt; aoe2 Sheep. Roaming Monsters? wild wolves and bears could play the role. Animals eating wild grass - aoe1 had a barely equivalent in gazelles being chased by lions, but aoe2 has nothing. Smart animal behavior - both minecraft and aoe2 fail here",1559778005
bx4g3m,Found phone game but without the detective story part,"Need an idea for a game like SIMULACRA, Normal Lost Phone, Sarah Is Missing, but without the story. I really want to make a game based on a phone interface but without the now cliche detective story (snooping around text messages, looking through taken pictures etc). Maybe it's not possible at all.",1559751507
bx52tg,Spawn Fighting Game,"Spawn is coming to MK11 so I’ve started watching the HBO animated series. Could honestly be an awesome game. Spawn, Chapel, Overkill, the grenade priest. There’s an awesome cast in there. Could even have some troll characters like Twisted Tony or the police detective/Twitch.",1559754661
bxrwog,Simple farming simulator/management ideas,Hi! So I've been wanting to make a simple farming simulator/management game but I can't think of anything that sounds like fun and isn't a straight up copy of other games. I was wondering if any of you had any ideas! Anything helps!,1559894401
bx5wcu,2D Platformer Idea,"You play as a pirate in a steam-punk styled world. The pirate will have a hook hand, which he/she can also fire off to act as a grappling hook. I don't have much of an idea in the way of story, but a ton of idea for mechanics. The game will be very fast-paced and physics based, and it will revolve around using the hook as effectively as possible. If you fire the hook at a ledge or something else you can cling onto, such as a ring in the background, you can swing as if on a vine and build momentum and jump off, lower and raise yourself, or pull yourself up very quickly to launch yourself. If you fire the hook at an enemy, if you're on the ground, you can pull the enemy to you and instantly attack and kill them, or if you're in the air, pressing the same button will pull you to them and them to you at the same time, causing you to meet halfway, attack and kill, and also bounce off of them. Another button will pull you to them, along with attack + killing them, and another button will release the hook and pull it back. Beyond using the hook, you can perform some regular platformer actions, like running and jumping, wall jumping, wall running, and probably some more things.",1559758734
bwwwbl,Vampire stealth? Why not,"Just another idea I've had racking in my brain, again might do something but who knows Story You are a vampire (boy or girl I haven't decided maybe select the gender) who wakes up in modern day (insert city name here) who is weak from her/his 500 years slumber before you end up (by force mind you) and ends up having him/her (probably make it the opposite gender of the vampire) look up relics from the vampire's castle so he/she can regain her/his power while growing a friendly relationship with the person he/she is crashing with (a rocky start to a friendly end, not sure if it should be romantic) &amp;#x200B; gameplay mostly stealth, you can take down those looking for intruders but it is not needed plus you get a bonus if you don't take anyone down, plus you can be easily taken down and even if you do takedown someone it increases the difficulty because the guards are more paranoid &amp;#x200B; other maybe events that help grow the relationship between the vampire and servant collectables?",1559698250
bwyywz,"Your opponent can see what you will do ahead of time, so you have to specify a mixed strategy on your turn to avoid getting hard countered.","Your opponent gets to see what you will do ahead of time, so if you choose to do action X, he'll just counter action X, so instead of choosing a single action on your turn, you specify a mixed strategy on your turn like ""do action X 50% of the time, action Y 25% of the time, and action Z 25% of the time"" and then the action that you actually do is randomly determined from that. So if your opponent tries to hard counter action X, the times action Y or action Z get randomly chosen will keep you in the game. The challenge for one player is coming up with mixed strategies that aren't exploitable (getting the percentages right) and for the other player to figure out how to exploit the mixed strategy (determining which percentages are too high/low). Perhaps both players have to implement mixed strategies and both players can see each other's strategies at the same time.",1559712312
bx3rst,Evolve 3 with a good team behind it.,,1559748038
bwmnn2,A Loud House video game.,"This game has a premise similar to that of Kirby Mass Attack, but in 3D. All of the Loud siblings (sans Lily) will start at a starting point in the level and will have to reach the exit door. If at least one Loud reaches the exit door, the stage will be clear. You initially begin each level controlling Lincoln, but you can switch to the other Louds on the fly. You will need more Louds to do specific tasks to help you clear the level (for instance, defeating a small enemy might only require one Loud, while moving a huge turnip might require all 10). The Louds will typically cluster in a group with Lincoln in the centre, but if an enemy approaches the group one of the Louds will automatically break from the formation to attack the enemy. Each of the Louds has a health meter. If this is depleted, they will be knocked out and will disappear. You will have to wait 30 seconds before they automatically revive. If all 10 siblings are knocked out at once, a life is lost. Each of the Louds has a special power that will allow them to assist their siblings with clearing the level. For example: * Lisa can concoct flasks to give buffs to her siblings' attack, defense or speed. * Lola and Lana can fit through small gaps the other cannot get through. * Luan can parter up with Benny for team attacks. * Lincoln can pass through special Lincoln-only doors that the other Louds cannot pass through.",1559639978
by2o2d,9/11 game from the bad guys' POV,"That's right. Train to be a pilot, attend meetings, get your instructions from Usama. You can lose on purpose to save innocent lives. Or try to win whereinwhich the game ends abruptly because you will die in the flames. Choose any member, even the head honcho. If you choose him, you have to create the strategy. Any difference in what actually happened leads to a different fate.",1559958613
by2t6o,"The Best Game Idea For Survival, Adventure, PVP, PVE","Imagine if Ark survivial evolved, Rust, No Mans sky. Had a baby You would spawn at a spawn location to farm stuff to make a scuffed space ship to zoom to seperate plants marked on a map and shit tells u if someone building there or not you zoom to it and start to harvest resources to make a base or choose to fly further out for a fresh planet and setup camp make defences farm more resources build an amazing base and tame creatures to ride them to use to farm to make it easyier and flying tames to get around fast swimming tames to swim deep and explore the depths of the ocean or what not and maybe be able to build a under water base. a never ending game like minecraft.",1559959558
bww2gg,An Undertale-combat-style dueling game where one player plays the player and the other one plays the boss.,"A top down bullet hell(?) where one player is a little cube guy running around dodging and the other guy is the boss doing all the EpiC attacks. **Boss:** Before the duel starts, the boss can customize attack patterns, up to 7 of them, and also slot individual attacks into their loadout as well. Attacks have cooldowns too, and the longer sequences are, the longer their cooldowns will be. How to make attack patterns: Bosses can chain together individual attacks, like aiming them and stuff, and setting delays. The maximum length an attack pattern can be is 10 seconds, but the longer one is, the longer its cooldown will be. Making attack patterns consist of dragging and dropping elements into a sequence of orders. An example is shown below using the attack **Blade Shot,** and **Explosion.** Blade Shot(-27 degrees, \[10,20\]) ←The brackets resemble a coordinate on the path. Blade Shot(-28 degrees, \[10,20\]) ←The degree measures the angle of the attack. Blade Shot(-29 degrees, \[10,20\]) Blade Shot(-30 degrees, \[10,20\]) Blade Shot(-31 degrees, \[10,20\]) Blade Shot(-32 degrees, \[10,20\]) Explosion\[0,0\] DELAY\[1\] ← A delay of one second SIMUL: ← This means that the next few attacks will happen simultaneously {Explosion\[-50,50\] Explosion\[50,-50\] Explosion\[50,50\] Explosion\[-50,-50\] } DELAY\[1\] Blade Shot(90 degrees, \[0,0\]) **This attack pattern will shoot a fan of blades in quick succession all centered on the point 10,20 on the screen, plop a big explosion in the middle of the screen right after that, wait 1 second, and then simultaneously put four explosions each centered on the four sides of the map. After that, another delay, and then another blade careens down from the top of the screen down to the bottom, passing through 0,0.** In order to accept and save an attack pattern, you must name it, and then verify it by surviving your own attack pattern taking less than 10 damage TWICE IN A ROW. Only then can you put it in your loadout. Individual attacks can also be put into loadouts, which you can manually aim in the middle of a battle. When you first start the game, you will only be able to sequence attacks one after another using the DELAY function, but as you level up, you gain more functions to put in your attack patterns. **NOTE:** Different brackets dictate different data values. \[\]-Coordinate on the screen ()-Integer value {}-Misc value/String value **Level 1:** DELAY-Sets a delay for attacks to happen **Level 3:** SIMUL-Make attacks happen simultaneously. **Level 5:** LOOP(a)-Make a certain part of the attack pattern loop for a certain amount of time. **Level 6:** HOME-Makes the attack automatically home in on the player’s current position **Level 7:** GUESS(a,b,c,d)-Sets four coordinates, and then picks random positions in the given area to put attacks in. Attacks with coordinates while inside the GUESS function will not take effect. **Level 9:** IF(\[a,b,c,d\])-If the player is detected in a certain spot of the screen, then the IF function will pass. ELSE-Works in tandem with the IF function. **Level 10:** SIZE\[a,b\]-Changes the size of the stage/screen to fit your needs. SPLIT\[a AND/OR b\]-Splits the screen/stage at an x or y coordinate. **Level 12:** SPEED(a)\[b\]-Makes the stage turn into a giant treadmill, which constantly moves the player back in a certain direction. **Level 15:** FORCE{Type}-Forces the player to change to a certain **value** of cuboid. **Player:** As a player, you are a cuboid, meaning that you can move using WASD or arrow keys, and you use your mouse to aim your weapon. During the boss fight, you can switch **values,** which means that you can switch between different types of cuboids, each with different abilities. The types of cuboids are shown below as well as the level they are unlocked. **Level 1:** Cube-Use WASD to move, and mouse to shoot. Fires a rapidfire stream of data bullets at the boss. **Level 2:** Wing-Use A and D to steer, and W to move. Moves very fast, but quite hard to control. Fires homing ArrayRockets that home in on the boss. **Level 3:** Jump-The player is now affected by gravity, and uses the spacebar to jump and double jump. Throws high-damage ServerBombs that fly in an arc. **Level 5:** Wall-A rectangle that uses WASD and acts as a small “snake”(you know, from the game snake). Grows a unit on its tail every 10 seconds, giving it more health, which is theoretically infinite. However, whenever the player hits their own “tail” they will cut off that portion of their body and lose health proportional to how much tail was lost. Less maneuverability in tight spaces, but more health overall. **Level 8:** Blanker-WASD to move, just like the Cube, but moves slower that one, and has a slight drift. Every 15 seconds, the Blanker can terminate its connection to the boss, “blanking” any attacks nearby and negating their damage. Right click to activate special ability. Launches low damage PacketBullets at the boss. **Level 10:** Kali-Use WASD to move. Has less health than other cuboids, but can use its special ability DOMAIN ASSIMILATION to make attacks heal you for 2 seconds. Activates once per 10 seconds. **Level 12:** Chip-Use WASD to move, and has a special ability: Latency Choke, which lets the Chip warp up to ¾ of the screen away from its location every 7 seconds, but has a melee attack instead of a ranged one. **Level 15:** MotherBoard-Uses WASD to move, and has a larger hitbox than other cuboids. Every 10 seconds, the MotherBoard summons 1 mini cuboid that will shoot the boss with low damage OverGlocks. Right clicking on a cuboid lets the MotherBoard transfer its data over to the cuboid, effectively swapping places with it. Cooldown of 15 seconds. Once the stage it set, the player and boss duke it out, and the boss wins by defeating the player, while the player wins by defeating the boss. I mean, duh.",1559693167
bx0ia7,Game idea's to add to my portfolio,"I study game design at a collage in my country. lately they started showing interesting in sending my resume and early work to a couple of local companies in hope to help me get a job. the problem is I only have one game which I made in about a week with a couple of friends and got it on the google -playstore (not sure if allowed to post it, if anyone is inserted I can pm it to you) I am a bit out of ideas so I came here to see if anyone has an idea for games an intermediate(/expert according to some friends) developer can create (mainly for mobile). &amp;#x200B; Cheers in advance. &amp;#x200B; tldr: need game ideas for short games to add to my portfolio",1559725869
bv2jyf,As your blindness progresses you have to memorize patterns of play to eventually spend one day acting in complete blindness.,"Not sure, maybe it’s 2D. But your player has a specific set of tasks to complete on a regular basis, and over time you learn how this character has to live life to survive. It could be a short game, and the final “boss” is traversing that person’s life in complete darkness.",1559273284
bm79kz,A fantasy fishing game where you fish bigger and crazier creatures the better you get,"I've wanted to play this game for a LONG, long time. Nothing quite scratches the itch I imagine this game would scratch. As the title explains, you're a budding fisherman with a shitty stick rod and a rotting wooden boat. When you start fishing, you can't really go too deep or catch anything too big without it being next to impossible to catch, but the more you catch, the more you can sell to the local vendor, the more you can upgrade your rod, your boat, your equipment, and consumables that give you buffs. You start by only really being able to catch goldfish and garbage, but eventually, you will progress to the point where you are able to catch huge lovecraftian sea creatures and other unreal shit. Night fishing is a different ballpark, the fish become significantly harder and more creepy, you get huge glow in the dark anglers, evil looking octopuses, stuff like that. They give significantly more $$$ and XP for catching, at the downside that you'll have stamina debuffs from not sleeping. That's right, you need to keep your stamina up by eating some of the fish you catch! When you catch a fish, you get three options; eat it for rare buffs &amp; stamina gains, sell it to the vendor for money, or use it as bait for a better chance at catching rarer fish. Catching fish would be like from a POV perspective. As you cast the rod, your camera follows the bobber as it goes deeper into the ocean. The better rod you have, the deeper you can go, the faster you can go, the more hits you can take from other fish before your rod velocity reaches 0, the better rods you can steer them or explode fish in your way, other stuff like that. When you attract a fish, you have to do a QTE as soon as the fish bites which activates the bobber in different ways. The regular ones will just be you pulling them back up, but the more upgraded bobbers might eject spikes into the fish's mouth to impale them, or deploy a huge net around them. These have different advantages and negatives to using for different fish. Once you've caught the fish you need to spam spacebar (you can buy upgrades that automate this later) to reel your fish in. You move your mouse counter to whatever direction the fish is struggling in, and maybe do other shit too. The bigger fish are REALLY furious and it takes a lot of accuracy and hard work to catch. But when you catch it, it flies into the air and you get a satisfying screen that tells you how big the fish is and its name. You get XP for catching fish. The more XP, the better you get. You can put your upgrade points into strength (makes counter-steering fish easier), perception (gives you more slowdown time), stamina (lets you catch more fish before you need to sleep), stuff like that. The vendors sell better rod upgrades, cooler boats, better apparel (small buffs but mainly to make you look cool), some low-level bait, consumable items that give you buffs, etc. The more money you put into the local shops, the better stuff you get. Vendors also have a quest board where you can fulfil bounties and timed catch requests for money. The endgame is catching a huge, cthulu-tier sea creature at night. This thing should be insane, and if you catch it, you get 3 options: 1. You sell the fish to the vendors. They're so impressed that they sell everything to you for the fish, you become a capitalist success and make your own fishing lodge for new fishers. The end. 2. You eat the fish and it imbues you with godlike fish powers, and you ascend to become a fish GOD (like the slug ending in bloodborne yo) 3. You use the fish as BAIT. This unlocks NG+. As you reach the bottom of the ocean with the fish as bait, the sea floor opens up, and you get pulled straight into the wormhole from your rod. This is some castlevania symphony of the night type shit. You enter a mirror world where all of the fish are fucking INSANE CORRUPTED VERSIONS of what you already caught. The vendors are all undead fish people, and you can breathe underwater. You become the bait, and you have to jump into the ocean and FUCKING FIGHT THE FISH you're trying to catch, god of war type shit. So yeah, that's all i've got. I wish a game like this existed.",1557332452
bpqqnx,Fantasy Farming Game but better,All farming games have these generic crops and vegetables to plant and all the same animals to raise. They all start to feel plain and boring. Make a farming game that is purely Fantasy. I want to harvest juice from Giant flytraps or pick up moonlaces that only bloom at night. I want to raise vegetable lambs and squigs and blood cows. Gather hungry grasses or reap weeds that bears carp instead of flowers. Or rather pick Ambrosia or Soma or Yggdrasil plums. Add a season that makes it dark all month and watch the town lighten up with all sorts of glow-in-the-dark stuff!,1558096691
bt4s2e,A node-based magic system," [https://imgur.com/a/kwh7Wyi](https://imgur.com/a/kwh7Wyi) Instead of the game having pre-made spells that you learn, you have to create your spells with a detailed node system. Different node types include feeds (to power the spell), actions, modifiers, conditions, etc.. You could either power a spell with your own mana, have an ally project power into your spell, rip it out of an enemy's body, or something else. The screenshot is an idea of what a simple fireball spell could look like. Any ideas?",1558852110
blh08h,A Walking RPG (Mobile app to make walking/running more enjoyable for some)," Concept: The idea of this game is to get people to enjoy walking/running by turning it into an action loot game. I hesitate to call it an RPG because there is no need for a story, but plenty of opportunities to create lore and a universe for the game world. As you walk/run, your character will explore dungeons, kill monsters, find loot, and level up. There will be multiple classes that all have different functions. The best items will come from dungeons that you will have to enter in the app that you explore on your own (walking/running has nothing to do with these dungeons.) These ideas will be explored in more detail below. &amp;#x200B; Core Gameplay:  \- Using a pedometer (GPS may also be needed to prevent cheating, but I am not a developer, so I am unsure), the game tracks how many steps you have taken and gives you experience points towards leveling up  \- While walking (choosing an option such as “explore” in the app could activate this feature or just make it automatic), your character will explore dungeons which they will automatically find loot (similar to the way exploring in Fallout ShelterTM works), although the loot wont drop higher than epic/rare (creative liberty)  \- There will be selectable classes with possible multiple character slots (if multiple slots are not a wanted feature, permadeath/semi-permadeath could be an option)  \- In game, there will be dungeons (once again something like Fallout ShelterTM missions, but with a bit more combat freedom possibly) where you can find legendary/set items to make your character stronger. Preferably, this feature will have group finder or allow to team up with friends to allow for a more challenging experience (online features also allow for trading and the like, but I do hesitate to mention PVP because it is not something I would personally think would be easy to balance in a free to play game since many money making options would be borderline pay to win) &amp;#x200B; Classes:  \- A possible money-making feature  \- At least 3 playable classes  o Warrior  o Archer  o Wizard  \- Other addable classes such as cleric, assassin, barbarian, etc. (These can all be free or purchasable with in game currency or real money)  \- Unique abilities for each class  \- Set items unique to each class’s abilities as well as legendary items &amp;#x200B; Loot:  \- Different tiers  o Common  o Uncommon  o Rare  o Epic  o Legendary/Set Legendary  \- Possible rare/epic set pieces as well  \- Lower tier items drop from exploration as well as dungeons  \- High tier (legendary or epic+) only drop from dungeons  \- Another possible money-making feature  o Loot boxes that take time to be unlocked (can buy instant opens and possibly find keys in dungeons for free unlocks)  o Different tiers of chests for different loot &amp;#x200B; Dungeons:  \- Harder instances where the player gets to make decisions and find better loot for their character  \- Are unlocked by exploring and have finite uses (eventually they “run out of loot” and are fully explored as examples) \- Can be random or persistent o If random they are new dungeons every time o If persistent, when rediscovered, it could be due to monsters infesting it again  \- Another money-making feature  o Dungeons could be found through items called maps (different tiered maps can make tier drops different i.e. an epic map has a better drop rate of higher tier items than a rare map)  o Maps could be purchasable with real money or found in exploration and dungeons  \- As stated before, if online features are wanted, partying with other players (party finder or friends list) for dungeons would be a great feature &amp;#x200B; Additional Notes:  \- Leveling would be infinite with increasing difficult leveling and diminishing power returns in very high levels  \- A stash would be a good additional feature with purchasable stash tabs (real money or in-game currency)  \- If there are online features, an auction house would be a good edition &amp;#x200B; Conclusion: Above are all the features for a game app that would help make walking/running a more enjoyable experience by centering a game around them. If there are any questions of features or suggestions, please post them in the comments below. Thank you for your time.",1557173472
bqvcju,"Why isint there a John Wick Game, it would be amazing",,1558357835
bnsj4t,Short and Sweet: SimCity but its a Blade Runner City,,1557687051
btqsyo,"A horror game where people are trapped in a death game against each other, and you control the systems to save them.","Your super-rich grandfather is an insane but gentlemanly megalomaniac who abducts people and puts them into those only-one-can-survive psychological game settings. The people end up betraying and slaying each other. (A lot of Japanese movies have this scenario.) The game is on an island with no known communication to the outside world, just a boat back. But you aren't one of the captives. You are the grandson. You've only just discovered that your grandfather does this, and he has shown you how the labyrinths, traps, limited items, time limits, and announcement systems work in the hopes of passing it on to you when he dies. You aren't insane like him, though; this is to your horror, and when you get into a heated argument with him he has a massive heart attack and dies right in front of you. But before he croaks, he turns everything on and sets the game in motion to doom the 20 people inside. So now you have to stop the horrible game. You can't turn it off. But you do have privileges to make it work one way or another. The goal is to save as many people as you can. But to beat the system, you have to go INTO the labyrinths directly and face the traps, the logic, and yes the people who may or may not trust you. You'll need to use what they have as tools, too. If someone doesn't trust you, you may have to kill them, but what will the others think of you then? There are wild animals that stalk. A.I. that mislead victims on the computer panels. All sorts of things that make your life harder. So while all the tortured deaths and betrayals are going on in the normal 20-man game, you have to not die yourself to the whole system as well as delicately get the people to trust you. How you choose to use the intercom system is key. You must also learn more about the systems to disable them one by one. And some people will never forgive you, so you are being hunted even after you save whoever you can save. Get them into the boat, then find the secret radio communications to finally get off the island yourself another way. It may be possible to save everyone, and in that case everyone will trust you. I imagine this being pretty character driven in addition to the gameplay, so you really feel like you get to know these people, which is important in this psychological-horror movie genre.",1558988233
buitfq,Rimworld meets First Person Shooter with raids/base defense,"So this is a game I'm already a few weeks into building. I loved Rimworld but was wanting to jump into the characters and join the action somehow. The game so far has two main modes: - Top down view, plays like Rimworld. Gather resources to build a base, research technology, build weapons and items, farm for food, set up tasks for any of your characters to carry out. - First person view, enter any character. Defend your base as well as explore different areas and raid other camps. Some things I'm really excited about: - Focus on raiding and exploring. Rimworld was very limited in what you could do outside of your camp. The player is going to be able to attack other bases and even take over them if they want to. - Simplifying some survival and expanding character development. I want make some systems less complex (relationships, illnesses, micromanagement) and do more with character abilities and leveling up. Going to bring in some RPG elements for what abilities and skills a character can use. What other ideas do you think would go well with this? Or for anyone that has played Rimworld anything that you would change if you could remake it?",1559157139
br0fx6,Pilot's Lounge,"An idea for a game that requires you to select a named character for a mission (somewhat inspired by Wing Commander). In between missions part of the game take the user to a screen called the ""XXXXX's Lounge"" where XXXXX is the type of character you will be choosing (Copilot, Gunner, Wingman, Squad Leader, ect...). Instead of a menu the viewer sees the characters themselves lounging about doing some idle animation. Each idle animation shows the character interacting with an object that is not part of their mission kit. For example reading a book, drinking tea, playing darts, tending to a bonsai tree, using a whetstone on a knife, . Clicking on the each character will have them look at the camera and pop open a stat window allowing the player to take this character on the next mission. If the character dies on the mission they will no longer appear in the Lounge but the item they were interacting with will remain as a reminder of their absence. Over the course of the game the lounge will become less and less populated with more unattended bric-a-brac lying around, a reminder to the player of every life they could not save.",1558382155
bmpjda,Thoughts on this?,"The idea is simple, make a 2D platformer with only one easy level but every time you complete it the player controls change.",1557437186
btkuy7,"Not a game idea in itself, but I just desperately want Metroidvania style games to let me erase my map progress and explore everywhere again at the end game, redrawing from scratch.","Basically, just what the title says. I can't be alone in this: Samus/Alucard/Axiom Verge-dude is all powered up at the end game and now I'm trying to figure out where all the items and secrets are for 100% completion. But my map is at, like, 83%. I try to retrace all my steps, but wait, did I miss any rooms? Retrace once or twice more. Now at 100% map! But missing three items. Derp. I just want to blank out the map progress and make absolutely sure I hit every room. In some games, like Valkyrie Profile, there are items to just fill in the whole map for you. I'm like, ""dude, no, are you crazy?"" I can't guarantee complete progress like that. So I think that once a certain in-game condition is met, like having all abilities, or having 90% map or more, or just finding a secret map item late in the game, you can blank out the map as much as you want for nook-n-cranny profit. Of course your true progress is saved and can be restored whenever you like. I will say that speedrunning map completion could in itself be a game. People could complete to see how fast they can 0-100% the game's whole map.",1558956205
blutbr,Set in a soup kitchen,"You volunteer at a soup kitchen to help people in your community. You talk to some of the regulars and get to know them. All of them will ask for your help in financial and emotional ways. There will be consequences, so be careful who you help in what way. Above all, pay attention to how much you know about them. Gave some money to a friendly stranger? Surprise, he was a drug addict and he od'd on a needle he bought with your money. Choose to sleep with a lonely regular? You could end up with an STI or a new girlfriend/boyfriend looking for more/less commitment than you were expecting. Keep your ears open, be smart with your decisions and everybody could survive, both physically or emotionally, to the end of winter.",1557256362
bm2voq,[meta] mods what is happening with all these Chinese dudes putting their CVs on the subreddit?,"Some posts are also about where they can get a degree overseas, but my point stands. What they be doing? are they r/lostredditors ?",1557305682
boa2ac,"Asymmetric FPS mod or game where factions have vastly different gear, objectives, goals, etc.","Most FPS on the market are symmetric in essence, even when modeling asymmetric warfare (ex. similar weapon choices, team balancing, goals, and rules). This however is far from the nature of real war where politics and disparity in technology bring up unique challenges to the battlefield and influence decisions down to a tactical level. It would be cool if we had a FPS that forces players to fight with these considerations in mind. Here's a sample break down. &amp;#x200B; Team Overview Government Forces Advantages: \- Well-equipped with body armor \- Better weapons and weapon handling due to ""training"" \- Excellent fire support \- Situational awareness enhanced by tech \- Spawn in with good weapons &amp;#x200B; Disadvantages: \- Bound to follow ""rules of war"" for the most part (ex. No execution of prisoners, disguising as enemy soldiers, use of human shields, etc) \- Huge penalty for inflicting civilian casualties or violating rules of war \- Less points for enemy kills and/or higher penalty for friendly death \- Slower spawn rates &amp;#x200B; Rebel Forces: Advantages: \- Generally held less accountable (ex. lower penalty) for war crimes \- Numerically superior \- Blends in with local populace \- Can take human shields \- Can make use of secret safehouse, weapon caches \- Gets more points for killing enemy and/or less penalty for friendly death \- Higher spawn rates Disadvantages: \- Crappy weapons that jam a lot and lousy improvised armor \- Bad weapon handling \- Sporadic fire support \- If killed, gear must be re-purchased on spawn. &amp;#x200B; Game Objective Within 30 minutes, achieve the most points. Points are awarded for completing objectives and making kills. &amp;#x200B; Typical Government gameplay A Government soldier has to patrol an area and engage any rebels planting explosives. The area is full of civilians. He sees a suspicious person huddled by the curb fiddling with something but before he can engage, that person (who is a rebel) runs to a safehouse. In the safehouse, the rebel changes his outfit and equipment with impunity. Checking out the site, the government soldier realizes it's a bomb and defuses it getting points for his team. The government soldier continues his patrol but then is engaged from the roof. The gunfire scatters people and wounds a few civilians. A government medic tends to a wounded civvie and gets points. The govt soldier with no cover options fires back but is hit, though his armor saves him. Fire then comes at him from a house window and he fires back killing the shooter and getting some points. The area is now clear so the Government forces start tending to wounded soldiers and civilians. As the medic tends to a civilian, a sudden explosion kills them both. The civilian was actually a rebel suicide bomber, netting the rebels a big gain in points for killing a government soldier and only incurring a light penalty for killing a medic and suicide. Heavy machine gun fire opens up from another building inflicting heavy casualties on the Government forces. The government forces decide to level the building by calling an airstrike. In doing so, they earn points for killing the machine gun team, but lose points for destroying property. Continuing the patrol, the soldiers see a guy running from an intersection toward an alley, a highly suspicious rebel tactic. As the soldiers give chase, the rebel grabs a human shield and turns to fire with his Tokarev but it jams on him. Nevertheless, the government soldiers open up and kill him but they also wound the civilian severely. With no medic to take care of the civvie, the civvie succumbs to their injuries and the government forces lose many points. Despite having fewer casualties, the government forces are now lagging behind on points. The rebels are now looking to accrue more points as well since points means legitimacy and thus better weapons at caches from foreign proxies will be unlocked. Unlocking these better weapons, however, comes with the catch that playing dirty incurs heavier penalties (but still less than expected from Government forces). After unlocking, dipping below a point threshold or committing too many war crimes invalidates foreign support for that playthrough. &amp;#x200B; Rebels can have access to armor too, but it'll be heavier (impairs mobility and takes up equipment space). All players can loot bodies, but weapon handling will not improve from looting. Looting from civvies is penalized but realistically in the early game for rebels, it's a crucial way to get funds and outweighs the penalties. &amp;#x200B; Overall, playing Government is more straightforward FPS with some twists while Rebels has a bit more of the rpg feel since your soldier develops as better gear is unlocked and aim improves (via handling)",1557785466
boo2yi,I’m not a game developer but had a couple ideas while writing an essay and idk just thought I’d write them down and this looks like the place for it,"-A story-driven game about a time traveling hero who stops assassins, or optionally a protagonist that stops an assassination and discovers a rabbit hole of a conspiracy (my essay is about the assassination of JFK so there’s obvious inspiration here lol) -A simple fishing game, kinda like Catch &amp; Release on the PSVR (great VR game btw), but after every fish you catch the player-character slowly grows more and more insane. Like there’s hallucinating, potentially jumpscares, that kind of stuff. Could be a solid build to a mindfucking ending",1557865595
bwd4fc,"""Break the Loop"" or something","im not even a beginner tbh, just thought of this at school and wrote it down for fun this would be a game based on a virtual life you build for your in game character (the POV would be through the eyes of said character) so its basically a sandbox game with a vague objective, break the loop. from being born to dying, every now and then your character would begin looping the same scenario over and over, there is no way to predict when a loop is going to happen. the only way to escape one of these loops is to do something that would drastically change your fate enough to break the loop so you can continue your life. these decisions can and will make or break your future. eg. you walk out your front door to take your childhood beloved dog for a walk and the dog wants to run after a squirrel or something, the dog is pulling on the leash but you eventually get back home and walk back through your front door. loop. the only way to escape the loop is to let the dog off the leash which leads to the dog getting hit and killed by a car. this is pretty traumatic and life changing, so it breaks the loop. there are no tutorials, you are just given the gist of what you're meant to do and you figure it out from there. obviously there would be multiple solutions to each scenario that don't end in tragedy but as i said i just thought of this in school and haven't put much thought into it",1559581654
bmkz66,Stealth game where you play as a Wyvern.,"For those who don't know, a Wyvern is more or less the 'dragon' you see everywhere in games, TV, etc. Where it walks on its wings like a bat. Think Smaug or Drogon. Except in this game, the wyverns are much smaller animals, maybe a bit smaller than a cow? Unlike their larger cousins, Dragons, this allows them to be stealthy hunters, relying on their ability to scale walls and ceilings and to quickly fly about. The game would be first person, allowing you to see the perspective of the Wyvern. The player would have to use a mix of speed, stealth and a poisonous bite to succeed. The story could go something like; You are a Wyvern mother who has hatchlings to feed, so you go hunting every night for food. One night when you return, human hunters have came and destroyed your nest, hoping to get you, as you occasionally hunt on the main road. And so, you set off for revenge, eventually being captured by an ecotic 'pet' dealer, and sold to a wealthy family in a city. You of course escape, and have to survive in the city. It needs refinement, but there's the general idea.",1557414723
bmfuk5,A grand strategy where you control and shape a culture/people through history,"Like the title above says this would be grand strategy game where you control and shape a culture/ peoples through history. The game would have a few start dates through history most likely: Paleoithic, Mesolithic, Neolithic, Bronze Age, Iron Age, and however far through history you want to go. All as historically accurate as we can get with guess work filling in the rest. You can shape everything and anything within the people you select, their tolerance of homosexuality, view on women, the domestication of animals and plants (could be any animal with varying chances of success and different bonuses and debuffs, from Dogs, to Bears, to Rhino everything has a chance to be domesticated) their religion, view on war, If they are nomadic, view on slavery, if starting early weather or not marriage is a concept or if they're polygamist, arts and tattoos, you could try to move them to a new area, their technology and view on science, their laws and values, their currency, their writing system and language, if they are a tribal, monarchs, or rule in republics, literally everything and anything about the people you control. The goal is whatever your goal is like most grand strategy, anything from having all the world be your culture and religion, to say making and advanced civilization in the Americas that colonizes Europe. Base mechanics of the game would be that the game would tick by in years rather than days like most Grand Strategy, through different menus you could access all your options like domestication and religion where you can directly influence your peoples at the cost of time and Mana. (don't make too mana heavy like Imperator) Then there would be random events that shape your culture, say a legendary chieftain becoming the inspiration for a god and you'd have different options to choose from with different consequences, like say supporting the cheiftans godhood would drastically change your religion and possibly cause a disconnect between your peoples. Another example would be a string of very successful wars could spring an event where your culture could become more war like similar to the Vikings or a particularly bad raid could see your culture embrace war as a means to defend itself like Rome after the Battle of Allia. Different areas would get events to make more similar to history, like say Greece adopting more republic ideas or adopting Hellenism, the ai would choose the historical options unless you go into the options at the start of a game and make it so they can choose other options. (similar to HOI4 historical accuracy option) You can also name everything about your culture from their gods and religion, their language, what they call themselves, etc. Like I said you less control a country or leader like other grand strategies instead you control a culture. Obviously you can still declare war and diplomatic relations beacuse a grand strategy would be ungodly boring without it. I'm not entirely sure how it would work yet but I'm thinking about it. You loose when your culture is assimilated by another like say what the Romans did to the Gauls. However if you manage to persevere through being conquered you can revolt or overthrow your conquerors like say what the Jews did while enslaved by Egypt. The game should also be mod friendly and idealy have some sort of map editor or randomizer as well. An example of something you could create would be: say a group of nomadic warlike Neanderthals who ride around on domestic mammoths welding iron spears. They pray to a completely unique pantheon of gods and have no concept of marriage. They are super racist towards humans for invading their land and are known slave drivers. They are often covered in tattoos, speak a click language with a symbolistic written language and view woman as equal to men. The live from Scandinavia to Siberia and are split up amongst several nomadic clans. Also I know this would be a huge project AA at least but I felt like I should get this idea out there. If you have any questions feel free to ask beacuse I'm sure I've left something out or not thought of something. I also appreciate any suggestions.",1557380223
bw7wp5,I need a simple 2d game idea,Hi. I would like to practice 2d games since I'm new to coding.,1559546664
btz8bx,Persistent town management/builder with dungeon crawling,"You're the Hero in a small town. You don't build the town, but can help the citizens, for instance by clearing the wolves from the woods to increase (or remove a slowly building decrease) log production. You can also venture into the local procedurally generated dungeon to gather XP, specials mats and gold. The central idea is a duology between a persistent, ever-running town that you help manage/grow - and !short! expeditions into the dungeon to get materials. I don't think armor drops should be a part of it - you get special mats for the Blacksmith, and HE crafts your armor.",1559045151
bqem0z,Defeat the Captcha,You play as a person who's trynna register somewhere but you gotta complete different types of captcha and they get harder and harder with each one you do right. You might also have some kind of time limit to make it harder. Maybe on the last stage you gotta stop a nuke or something and to do that you gotta confirm you're not a robot and solve a hellish captcha.,1558255282
bvuy8c,Start a homestead from scratch,"You inherit land in the middle of nowhere. Easy mode: you get land with a stream, tall trees, ideal soil. Hard mode: you get land in a desert with shrubs, wind, sun. Before you can move out there, you start with some money(more with easy, less with hard) that you need to spend in order to make it possible to live out there. You can buy an RV or all the way down to a Walmart tent. You can buy a generator and/or solar panels. Don't know how to make panels work? F*** you, go wiki that s***. This game doesn't hold your hand. Your road into town sucks; spend money to fix it or hope your truck doesn't break down. Get a way to earn an income. Choose to have internet that's unreliable. Want chickens? Build a fence to keep out the wildlife. You'll have a mouse problem; get a barn cat but don't name it because a coyote will get it one night. Start a garden: protect it from hungry critters. Summer in hard mode: it drops your like a punch to the face. To have the will power to get up off the floor in the heat, buy a fan or AC unit and make it run with your DIY electric grid. Winter in hard mode: Frozen pipes, frozen water, frozen walls, frozen shut front door. Do you have enough power/propane/wood to stay warm? **Minecraft without the creepers if it had a baby with Garry's Mod.**",1559460387
boeukp,"Infinite Demon: ""Enter the Gungeon"" meets ""Dark Souls""","So in many roguelike games, we've all had to face any challenging bosses with many sorts of weapons and tactics, but what if WE became the bosses? Like the EXTREMELY hard to beat bosses that we all fear. My idea: * 2D, top-down roguelike game with multiplayer as a heavy emphasis * Gamemode: Demon's Curse of Eternity  * Basically, you're a boss that you can pick from a set of different classes, and as you kill more and more heroes that are trying to kill you, you regain some health and level up until you die, gaining more attacks, buffs, and abilities to keep on going for as long as you can or until you reach a goal * Gamemode: Mirror of Light  * Basically, it's the boss fight you just created, but instead, you are the single hero (chosen from a set of unlockable classes) going up against an AI-simulation of your boss (or several enemies in the campaign, as in ""Enter the Gungeon""), and you have to kill it with all the powerups you gave it, but you get stronger as you damage it more and more. * Gamemode: Mirrors of the Multiverse  * Basically Demon's Curse of Eternity, but one player is the boss and the other few players are the heroes. Gameplay: * Main gameplay feature includes the Dodge-and-roll feature from “Enter the Gungeon” (click to roll to avoid and dodge attacks), classes, and simply click and shoot with a variety of guns. One-two special abilities per class.  * Example 1: Hunter class has a special ability to lay traps that can inhibit a bleeding effect on the enemy, or does more damage with a sniper-class rifle  * Example 2: Rogue class has lower health, but slightly faster character and can summon temporal clones (AI-simulated off of player) or can stun enemies temporarily with flashbang  * Example 3: Paladin class is slower, but can do damage to a wider area with some weapons, allowing for defense against attacks or able to hit more enemies. * Some characters for bosses are regularly sized, able to dodge-and-roll as well, or specially-made with special abilities instead, but without that ability to dodge.  * Example 1: Devil's Advocate is regular sized, same health as regular heroes (which is REALLY low compared to other boss health), but can dodge-and-roll and can spawn demon NPC's to help defend or attack heroes.  * Example 2: Snow 'n' Ball is bossed sized, normal boss health, and special skill is to roll in an invulnerable snowball attack that can freeze heroes temporarily if hit.  * Example 3: Unstable Phoenix is bossed sized, normal boss health, and basically can fire explosions everywhere, chaos and destruction to breakable areas of the map. Goal: * To create/beat the hardest bosses ever made. * To have a fast-paced, roguelike shooter game * To allow character customization and ranking in boss difficulties for bragging rights (lol)",1557813207
btf65c,Any ideas for a “cabin in the woods” style horror game?,"I haven’t been having any luck thinking of ideas for a game like this, so does anyone else have any ideas?",1558915613
bsshoj,/r/GameIdeas inspired strategy game releases Free Version on the Google Play!,"[Original Post] (https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/47ddj2/carrier_battle/) Very thankful for all the support I've gotten on this subreddit with the idea for this game, and after it was released on the App Store in January. Just wanted to let the Android users here know that Carrier Commander is now available on Google Play as well. [Free on Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.BerlinHaus.Carrier_Commander) [Game Trailer Video] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJY0X6C7KZw) Description: Carrier Commander: War at Sea, is a single player Naval Strategy Game that begins in the Cold War Era. Battles are a combination of Turn-Based and Real Time—and between skirmishes the player must manage resources to build their fleet, research new tech, and acquire special weapons to be used during live combat.",1558774876
bvrcta,A Single player FPS game with focus on avoiding bullets by slowing time,"I wrote a longer text but I accidentally lost it all and I'm too tired to write it again Basically TL;DR In fps games its hard to avoid bullets and its almost pretty much just artifical difficulty when the enemies are bullet sponges with aimbot. While 2D games like binding of isaac and enter the gungeon have a focus on skillfully avoiding projectiles. It's not really possible in FPS games because bullets are really fast, and wouldn't be realistic, but maybe if you had an ability to slow down time, or slow the bullets, it could work.",1559433602
bw3eqt,Dine and Dash,"In a parallel world where food wanders the wilderness fully prepared and ready to eat. You, a starving child must venture out and seek nourishment. Seeking out slow moving chip bags may fend off starvation but will do little to improve your well being. What you really want is the elusive steak and potatoes! (Or three bean salad for those more meat conscious) That is the only way you can truly grow and become strong!",1559515893
bp9sir,A pirate based MMO.,"A pirate based MMO where you work to upgrade a ship. Your ship can come in a variety of types such as: Gunboats Sloops Frigates Galleons And more. You'll start off with a gunboat, but by attacking AI ships, you can commandeer it, and proceed to upgrade it with materials obtained by farming AI ships, or sinking other players. Each ship type will fill a different role in both PVE and PVP. For example, a Galleon is a good choice for players who prefer firepower at a cost of speed, and Sloops will be the ship of choice who players who like to speed along. There could be land focused PVP with guns and swords, and different islands to explore, and world events. Sinking will cause you to lose any cargo on board. Cargo can be stowed in towns and from there can be used for upgrades. This will allow players to not lose much if they don't wish to PVP. I have much more ideas. If you're interested, dm me!",1557993609
brrzbp,Give me a project for the summer,"Hi all! Young game dev here going on to study for a games programming degree in October. Until then, I want something to work on! Give me your best ideas and they will get turned into a reality :D &amp;#x200B; I have experience in Unity and love a challenge!",1558548097
bu3z7w,Open world weapon part looter," Description *Setting/ Lore Earth like area. Name TBD Multiple Moons. Mixed Climates. (Main Explorable area) -Destroyed frozen over Cyberpunk city ruins on giant plateau in the middle of a crater. -The city ruins are flooded and frozen over with a frozen body of water halfway up most skyscrapers. -Some companies took the necessary precautions to “flood proof” their buildings and as a result can still be entered above the ice and explored all the way down into the dark rooms that dwell underneath. -A mysterious dome houses the city and keeps everything in same shape as when disaster struck. Even kept the night time. So basically paused all time inside this dome. -Multiple entry ways have been found and are in use through water pipes and openings outside the city to go in and explore. -5 factory settlements/districts surround the entire city in a ring inside the crater. -The outside ring around dome holds a summer climate. -Flat desert wasteland all around the outside of crater. *Factions/Weapon Distributors -There will be 5 different weapon factions.. each of them will own their part of the ring settlement around the city and will act as hubs to the players residing with them. -Each faction will have its own style of weapon parts, armors, and attachments. -You will be required to pick a faction in the beginning but you will always have access to the other guns too especially through killing other players of the opposing faction. *Factions:  Kovatrach Russian type faction AK 47/ Mosin/ SKS model guns Gray Hammer Revolver Chamber Weapons Futuristic western type guns Triad Military Grade Weapons M4’s, SAW’s, Intervention, M9’s Primodal Refinery Moving parts, glows, energy ammo Swords and Bows Eclipse (TBD)  Players will be able to name their weapons. Rarity will be based on something like a kill counter and will receive benefits and upgrades correlating to the rarity and players choice. At the highest rarity unlocks the final ability (chosen by the player) and stat trackers. I have more to touch on like everything below.. but I want the basis of the game to be like escape from tarkov with survival elements like dealing with a hard blizzard by creating fires and finding the warmest clothing. I would like an insurance system on weapons that digitize the weapon and 3D prints a new version of it back into your inventory if you die and someone loots it off of you. The gameplay and movements would hopefully play like apex a little and every kill you make would give an opportunity to find weapon parts to take back and combine with other factions weapon parts to eventually make a ridiculous gun. Everything else below... I’m just lazy... lol Player Character Features Class Archetypes Items/weapons/gear Gameplay/ Mechanics Menus NPC’s DLC’s????",1559070032
bunq1k,"An open world mountain biking game, like Skate series, but you know, for mountain bikes.","Explore a large open world full of dirt paths and roads, through massive forests, deserts, mountains and such. You can terraform the landscape to build the perfect trails, ramps, and other shit. This would feel like and play like the other sports game Steep (worth a check out) and will have multiple maps, British Columbia, Canada, the area around Moab, Utah, others.",1559183011
bndi4x,"I'm looking for ideas for roguelike, hack and slash type of game, with some original mechanic/s or some interesting twist to an existing mechanic. I'm solo dev, not very good at art, but planning to do it by myself, no time constraints.",,1557589809
bnmmfy,Large Scale Battle With Many Endings.,"**I want to make it clear that I am not a game designer, a writer, a coder, an artist, or a voice actor. I'm some random dude who thought of game that I have no intention of working on in** ***any*** **capacity. Any commendations or criticism would be completely lost on me, though I thank you for it.** # I've had this idea for a few days of a game that that takes place entirely during one battle. You play as a nameless soldier of some nameless country, and the game starts you off with an enemy soldier in front of you, on the ground. You have your weapon pointed at him and you're forced to choose, kill him, or not? &amp;#x200B; This is only the first of hundreds of choices you make through the course of the battle, and every single choice matters. Not the watered down version of today's multiple ending games, where there are maybe three or four major choices that will completely change the ending and ten others that change the flavor text. What I've had in mind is a game where the choice between going downtown towards the fire or uptown towards the gunfire can mean the difference to saving a city from nuclear annihilation or dooming it to something like a third side to the war suddenly showing up to take over. &amp;#x200B; I want to make it clear that quite literally every choice matters. If there was only two choices for every point of decision, then going with number 1 for every choice and then playing again with only the very last choice being different would mean obviously different endings. I of course know that many things would be very similar in that case, and that would be unavoidable due to the nature of multiple choice endings, but it would still be different, just with one choice of dozens! (Reading this paragraph back, I realize that if I didn't know exactly what I was talking about, it would be confusing. Sorry about that! All that matters is the first sentence of the paragraph.) &amp;#x200B; Elaborating on the setting some more. I said battle but that could mean a lot of things. What I envision is a large scale battle taking place in the middle of a very large city (Comparable to the likes of New York City or Los Angeles) and filling that city are maybe hundreds of different characters, from enemy soldiers to civilians to your commanding officer, that you can meet on some of the many possible story lines. Every event that happens, happens at the same time. This is a massive battle in progress, it will not wait for some nameless little soldier, i.e. you, to come along and slaughter their way through hundreds of the enemy, single-handedly winning the war. this battle, if you choose to hide away in some building somewhere, will progress regardless of your participation. The choices you make throughout the game can change some of the events, but never are you able to affect everything that goes on. If you choose to save the Fifth Garrison from that bombing, than the statue of the President *will* get destroyed, leading to a loss of morale that will affect events. This is because the bombing of the Fifth and the destruction of the statue happen at the same time, and you cannot be in two places at once. This huge battle encompassing hundreds of city blocks, taking place over possibly days, will keep happening. You cannot change that. But you can change the fate of the Emerson family in the little blue building you passed by in your last playthrough. You can save the enemy medic from that collapsing building. Or you can hide in the sewers. &amp;#x200B; That last paragraph was really run-on, sorry, but I hope I could convey the type of game I thought up. I want to make it clear this is not like CoD or Battlefield, where you are sent on different missions with clear objectives. This game is one continuous battle, that you can play through again, again, and again potentially a hundred different times with a new ending every time. The only way to know what's going on is through experiencing the different events, and recognizing that certain things happen at certain times. Now that I'm at the end I wanna make it clear again that I know very little about game development, but I can guess that the kind of game I described is pretty unfeasible. I'm not looking to make this game, nor am I trying to get other people to make it (Though you're certainly welcome to!) I just had an idea that I thought was cool and shared it. Hope you like it\~",1557647836
bp2ixh,"Idea for a theme that I don't think has been done before. I would call it ""Space Funk"". Can apply to many genres or gameplay mechanics"," Something like this music: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOxYnR81WHI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOxYnR81WHI) With someone like this guy (as the main character, but a bad ass lasergun-slinger): [http://clipart-library.com/images/6ip5q7jXT.jpg](https://www.google.com/url?q=http://clipart-library.com/images/6ip5q7jXT.jpg&amp;sa=D&amp;source=hangouts&amp;ust=1558034274488000&amp;usg=AFQjCNGhr55CRKdiD8o2tZIQE9gzp-_IGg) Who drives a weaponized spaceship that looks kinda like this: [https://cdn.motor1.com/images/mgl/0YlP3/s1/is-this-ford-bubbletop-a-custom-car-or-jetsons-spaceship.jpg](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://cdn.motor1.com/images/mgl/0YlP3/s1/is-this-ford-bubbletop-a-custom-car-or-jetsons-spaceship.jpg&amp;sa=D&amp;source=hangouts&amp;ust=1558034274488000&amp;usg=AFQjCNHVXjiEPU2o96nE19y0bfuPds9xbA) &amp;#x200B; In a retro-futuristic world that looks a bit like this: [https://i.pinimg.com/originals/2b/8b/5c/2b8b5c7590f47f054d49badd6d562afd.gif](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/2b/8b/5c/2b8b5c7590f47f054d49badd6d562afd.gif) &amp;#x200B; With space travel and starships/starports that look a bit like this: [https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--HNzGUvx4--/c\_fill,f\_auto,fl\_progressive,g\_center,h\_675,pg\_1,q\_80,w\_1200/18x3zwpll3tvpjpg.jpg](https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--HNzGUvx4--/c_fill,f_auto,fl_progressive,g_center,h_675,pg_1,q_80,w_1200/18x3zwpll3tvpjpg.jpg)",1557949573
bm3kor,"[Reminde] Reddit has a ""block user"" option that shows up after reporting their posts for spam or abuse","Given the current spam of posts in Chinese that are unrelated to game ideas on this sub, I thought it was worth reminding everyone that Reddit has a block feature that shows itself after you report one of the user's posts for spam or abuse. &amp;#x200B; Here's a comparison of what the front page looks like before and after blocking the spammers: &amp;#x200B; [https://imgur.com/TR1jDCg](https://imgur.com/TR1jDCg)",1557311316
blc37o,Manipulating time co op ideas?,"I’m wondering if anyone has ideas for co-op or local games that have a time based mechanic? Not like a time limit, but manipulating time, making it go backwards, or slowing it down, speeding it up etc. I’m trying to think of examples but they’re all single player like “super hot”",1557148778
buaeb5,"Give me a VR game idea! Trying to make a game with simple-ish gameplay and awesome visuals, sort of like FNAF VR!","If you guys have a cool VR game idea, share it! Trying to make something more environmentally focused, maybe horror or something? I've just been really inspired by FNAF VR and Boneworks :D &amp;#x200B; I plan to have different stuff you can interact with, cool physics, etc.",1559105213
bvaprg,Rock Band Tycoon,"I always thought it would be an awesome idea for a game. You play as a band manager and you start with maybe a small trio. You pick a genre and you manage the band to success. Book shows so you can make money and buy new equipment, advertise, hire/fire members, schedule practice time so they get more skilled at their instruments, and so on. If something like this exists I'd like to know, but so far I haven't found anything.",1559325283
bs2nvm,Dating Sim Battle RPG,"Dating sim + turn based battle rpg, you need to beat your waifu to be in a relationship with her - that was a random thought I just had now... &amp;#x200B; So the main idea I'm having right now is having conversations with different girls, and depending on the answer or flirt you give you get to fight some type of enemies/mobs in an rpg screen. Like if you act confident or mean you get to fight enemies with slightly higher atk stat or something like that. &amp;#x200B; There will be a few special Boss Battles with the girl you romance, and what I mean by that is for example: You first meet a girl and start talking to her, once a bit of flirting passes and you ask her on a date you have your first Boss Battle against her. If you beat her you get to go on a date with her, if not you lose her forever. That will not be the only Boss Battle with her tho, there are different stages of Boss Battles depending on the relationship you have with her. If you want to start a relationship with her after dating you gotta fight her again in a Boss Battle but this time she is tougher to beat. &amp;#x200B; I have an interest in this idea and I do have a bit of skill in Unity, so I might try to make something out of this. If anyone has any other ideas for the game or any advice on how to get decent looking art for the game/characters (hopefully cheaper) or any other advice then I'll be more than happy to listen.",1558616461
bn08io,Myst / The Witness / Accounting + / Inception,"I just completed my play-through of The Witness, and was honestly really blown away by the puzzle depth, and compelling nature of the narrative told through the puzzles. I was especially impressed by how much it reminded me of Myst. Between the biomes, the layouts, the feeling of progress but also being lost; it was such a familiar feeling of wonder and amazement. I was think then of what I would do if I could make a Myst-like game, similar to The Witness in basic structure: biomes with concepts, island as the entire map, no narration or voices or characters, and using context and clues to further yourself. So what I came up with was a concept based on immersion, which is probably one of the harder ways to compel someone to keep going. I wanted the player to feel like they are in the game, and when that immersion is broken, I want them to feel that, recognize it, and be compelled by it. OK, so the core concept: Playing video games. By that, I mean, imagine a room / level where there is a TV, a console, and a seat. The player would turn on the TV, the console, sit down, grab the controller, and start playing. Visually, you see the screen a bit far away, but big enough. Some parts have glare from lights and such, just like playing a console as a kid on a tube TV. The game itself could be anything, but as the player starts to play, and enters a flow state, slowly the TV gets closer. Slowly the glare starts to fade, and slowly they are sucked into the game until it takes up the entire screen, and the surrounding are lost. Eventually, the player completes the game, learns the concept, and stands up. Then they realize how much they've been sucked it. The screen pulls back, the glare returns, their FOV slides back and they return to the normal world, and realize how deep they were. It is similar to Accounting, in that layers of immersion type of feel, which I think is also inspired by Inception. Narrative could be anything, the games themselves could be anything that has flow, and the art style of both the main game, or the sub games could be anything. But I think the core concept is what would drive people to find the next mini game of sorts, until the final puzzles of the game are the player themselves having to play the game with their own being, instead of in a game, losing that immersion and risking themselves",1557504939
bqkdrc,Multiplayer FPS idea,"Hi, &amp;#x200B; There is right now a 4 person group of experienced game developers and we've had the aim to make and ideally complete a game before the finish of this coming summer. From our ideas so far we've all agreed to create a very realistic first person shooter game based on the Second World War. Issue I see with this is WW2 games have turned out to be very mainstream and appear to me that they have lacking interest and boring recently (I could be wrong). Any suggestions?",1558291310
buyhnp,"A 3rd person, open world, multiplayer parkour game."," Imagine a physics-based, realistic parkour game set in an open world, where your friends are able to drop in at any time. You could create videos, get fans, run away from security guards and flow through the city with a control system that has a simple enough premise, but is hard to master. For example, here is a scenario for you to get an idea of the concept I am going for: You are on top of a roof with a small barrier surrounding the outside. you want to get onto the building opposite you. You could run up to the barrier and press the jump button to get on top of the barrier before jumping across, or you could press the jump button and flick the right analog stick downwards to perform a monkey vault, propelling off your hands before landing on the other roof. If you don't time it correctly, you could not get enough power, and risk falling off the building, but if you were to reach out with your hands by pressing the grab button and flicking up on the right analog stick, you could grab hold of the ledge of the opposite building, saving yourself before carrying on your run. You carry on your line across the city rooftops, before realizing that you landed on a heavily guarded building that you are trespassing on. the rooftop has guards that are specifically trained to chase and stop free runners who find their way onto their building. dynamically, a chase starts between you and the guard. He pursues you across the rooftops, and you feel this would be a great way to earn some fans. You hide, and call your cameraman to start filming your chase. During the chase sequence, you might pull off a gainer backflip from a high ledge by pressing the backflip button in the air and moving your left stick forward, landing it perfectly, which attracts the attention of people, granting you followers. Later that day, you are practicing your speed vaults in a park by pressing jump and flicking the right stick left or right, when your friend drops into your game. He is looking for help on how to land a side flip over a bench, which is something you are very good at. you teach him how to time it correctly, before you decide to go on a parkour run through the city streets. A fan recognizes you, and stops you in the streets. It turns out he owns a camera company, and he would love to give you a brand deal, netting you money and access to better cameras. He found you through the chase sequence earlier in the day, highlighting the benefits that filming your runs could give you. Everything in that example would be real game mechanics, with a dynamic world and fan system allowing for variety. Other features could include: \~ A dynamic weather system, making surfaces more slippery thus harder to do tricks when it is raining, but granting more followers due to the difficulty \~ A day/night cycle, where nighttime allows for decreased detection from guards, but lessens your visibility \~ Character customization, right down to what socks you are wearing \~ an optional 3D world map that allows you to mark out a route beforehand, aimed for beginners. thank you for reading if you have made it this far, upvotes would be greatly appreciated if you like this game concept!",1559250044
brwpfq,Hit me with some horror game ideas,I’m going to be doing some brainstorming,1558572622
bplre4,Red Owl Games is a go for Operation Cartwheel!,"We posted a while back about looking for coop game ideas in this subreddit ( [https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/blut96/red\_owl\_games\_is\_looking\_for\_your\_coop\_game\_ideas/](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/blut96/red_owl_games_is_looking_for_your_coop_game_ideas/) ) and I just wanted to post an update that we've chosen an idea to make over the next 5 months - Thanks /u/DCSoftwareDad ! Here is a blog post about it - [https://redowlgames.com/blog/project-three](https://redowlgames.com/blog/project-three) The game idea is (drum-roll please): ""A Defender-style side-scrolling shmup, but the top half of the screen is the sky and the bottom half is underwater. One player flies a plane up top, the other pilots a submarine on the bottom.""  **Tentative Title:** Operation Cartwheel **Time Frame:** Approximately five months **Working Cycles:** 2-3 two week sprints per cycle, for a total of about 4 cycles **Start Date:** May 12, 2019 **End Date:** September 30, 2019 We expect to hit the delays of life along the way (kid's activities, trips, sleep…) but would like to be posting regular updates on our progress with the first big update being at the end of our first cycle when we hope to have a vertical slice of the playable game. Wish us luck! You can get to know more about us at [https://redowlgames.com/](https://redowlgames.com/) or join our discord [https://discord.gg/7TKhQXg](https://discord.gg/7TKhQXg) and chat with us!",1558061044
bmpnrn,Single player game ideas,"Throw everything you have at me as long as it's single player and not a Dream/Triple A level of complexity. I'm an beginner/intermediate looking to something to do. I don't really care if it's 2D or 3D, as long as it fits the first paragraph. I'm asking this because I've looked at a lot of the top posts of all time and other recent ones in this sub but until nothing has clicked so I need more ideas. Thanks! PS.: It really has to be single player as I have no idea how to make multiplayer games. (I have a lot of ideas of that type though...)",1557437770
brit60,Carmine Punch: A modern Nintendo Hard beat-'em-up where you're a Minotaur who randomly bursts through walls and fights hardcore creatures/mercenaries," If there's ever gonna be a tenth or eleventh gaming generation equivalent of Battletoads, it'll be Carmine Punch. Prepare to die...a lot. ""Mooooooooooooooooo, bitches!"" - Mac before the select screen and logo pop up. Story: Mac Opinhoof is a minotaur from the most powerful clan in the world of his race, though he does not know of his lineage. (Urban fantasy world). One day, he hits a bar after his human GF, Viala, mysteriously dumps him, when he's almost attacked by a cult wearing masks of the face of their leader, a clown warlock called Lord Bobo. They've been frozen by an all powerful magus introducing himself as Atamik, who tells Mac there's been an awakening. The President of the Universe wants to claim all the thots on Earth and use them in an apocalyptic ritual. He hired Lord Bobo to help him pull it off, and kill Mac due to a prophecy that ""the Bull will slay the Man."" Viala turns out to be one of the thots summoned, and Mac has no choice but to save the world. GameplayMechanics: In order to get to Lord Bobo, Mac will have to start off each level by bursting through different walls w/ different scenarios going on on the other sides. (Family dinners, fluffy creepy looking kiddie show things sliding on a fake rainbow, and other things ironically ""G"" rated compared to what's about to happen). Your goal is to headbutt through every wall and kill the people/things on the opposite sides. They'll turn into Bobo's minions and try to kill you if they get enough time, so it's important you do it before that happens. But this is only the beginning. After leaving where you burst in, different and waaay badder minions will appear, including but not limited to: Mutant ducks that fart lava, McDonalds employees with shotguns and laser-equipped iPhones, and blue-blooded mecha powered by dog shit. Yes, it's that kind of game. The enemies and sub bosses are partly inspired by everything I hate in life. Anyway, Your main weapon is your steel-knuckled fists, though there are secondaries like axes you can richochet throw. Your signature killing blow is your headbutt, and if your Carmine Meter (CM, meter that builds with the blood of whom you kill) hits full, you can perform one that takes out everyone left in the stage. The scenery beyond the entries is industrial and bleak crossed with what you'd see in Dungeons and Dragons. Art Style/Graphics: 2.5D/Cel-shaded, generally it looks like Family Guy style. Probable ESRB Rating: M. Consoles this be fitting for: PS4 or the Switch. Verdict: Through all of the gore, there's actually a lot I see as unfolding as far as this game. Part '80s action satire, part cartoony fantasy, all awesome. Feedback?",1558489353
bkrky4,Looking for extra mechanics in a RPG / Visual novel,"I'm currently building a game with time travel that is very heavy in narative and the big thing is the hook between the times. The game is side-scroller 2d, but im considering adding an bit of depth to walk a bit like a beat them up... A bit like friends of ringo ishikawa. I'm having hard tome to integrate gameplay element. I tried platforming, but I dont feel its very fitting. Im considering Turn Based but it feels outdated and im thinking of maybe srpg... Is there any game you liked that manage to integrate gsmeplay element in a story heavy game?",1557015088
bl3uoj,Giant sword,"Thrust a sword into a giants head to gain control of it, the land is vast and full of giants, beasts and dragons, the trees tower overhead, colours of sprites and faries, mist and rays of sun, grand castles crumble before your strike but a growing danger looms in the distance, idk sorry if that was cryptic probs a rip off of Mario odyssey and pokemon lol",1557094679
bn8qtk,"Wizard CSI Police Force: ""Detroit: Become Human"" meets ""Harry Potter""","Imagine a game where you're playing two detectives on a special CSI team in an urban city, but one of the main characters is a wizard and can see the magical beings and forces of the world while the other is a regular detective who sees everything in the lens of the modern world. They and several others in their task force must protect the city from a growing threat of magical creatures and contain their activities. (This was inspired by Connor and Hank from ""Detroit: Become Human"") * The special CSI team is made up of wizards acting under the guise of policemen and the normies that act as the perspective of what regular people see. Ex: Wizard fighting a demi-demon seen as a policeman vs a crazed druggie with a knife. * The magical world is just as powerful as the normal world- Different strengths and weaknesses  * The magical world gives the ability to use magic and wands and see different creatures of magic and forces. However, wizards are few and it is uncommon to find another wizard just in your neighborhood, so you're often alone in fighting these magical forces. Plus mana is limited and recharges slowly. Also, it is often hard for regular wizards to see the ""normal world"" on a daily basis, as it conflicts with their vision of the magical world at the same time, so they rely on normies to help them.  * The normal world has the advantages of modern technology, but still can't see the magical world and creatures as what they really are, often complicating communication between normies and wizards. However, they make up the majority of the normal population, so they have the most resources available to them. * Underneath the leadership of a few wizards who can both see the regular world and the magical world on a daily basis, the Magical CSI Police can work to team up to combine magic and modern technology into an effective countermeasure against magical creatures.  * Flashbangs enchanted with ""Holy Light"" can temporarily stun demons and prevent them from gaining more strength from their mana.  * Guns specially made with infused mana can shoot demons and magical creatures, usable by both normies and wizards. * Thermal sensors that are enchanted with mana sensors, giving a little interpretation open to normies to sense demons and magical beings.  * Emergency resurrection and Fast Healing spells infused with defibrillators and special bandages. &amp;#x200B; * Wizard Main Character- * Is paired with the Normie Main Character in a homicide and drug trafficking case that is actually a satanic ritual run by a chain of demi-demons in the slums.  * Has a wand that from the normie perspective looks like a new gun prototype from the lab.  * Is often the dude fighting more often of the two. * Normie Main Character  * Is paired with the Wizard Main Character in a very brutal homicide case that eventually leads to a gang of organ sellers and druggies.  * Has a special infused mana gun sponsored by the Wizard CSI department.  * Is often the dude investigating more often of the two. &amp;#x200B; Thoughts?",1557553808
bvehxq,Mining Business Game/Space RTS Game,"So the idea for this game is that you are a sort-of mining warlord in a sci-fi universe. You have the mining-business game, in which it might have similarities to, for example, Turmoil(look it up, great game xD), being a game where you set up drills to extract resources and manage some of the logistics. In this case, though, it would be far slower-paced, to allow for multiple potential venues to mine from. The important thing is that it would have a sort of side-on perspective where your screen is mostly taken up by the ground. The graphics for this part, at least, I imagine being as simple as colored pixels or as complex as fully-rendered 3D models, but the former seems more realistic, as this is honestly more of a metagame. The much more fast-paced and, to many, more engaging, RTS side would involve you deploying and commanding a fleet of ships to defend your little mining outposts and conquer new ones. This could be a single-player game, with you just fighting against AI fleets for supremacy, but I prefer the multiplayer option, where multiple players are vying for dominance and resources. There could be many ship types, but honestly only a command ship and the smaller ships around it are necessary, so that there can be a command center for which strategy to work around (in that, if you lose the command ship, you lose the fight). Of course, you could change that and say that the mining posts are close enough that they are the command centers, or say that the only goal is to destroy the entire fleet, without a ""command center"" to strategize around and be the win condition. Then it would favor larger fleets even more heavily, however; giving the smaller fleets much less ability to use bold strategy to win the day.",1559345889
boexxp,"Any 4x or city/civ sim game, but depending on the government type you inherited/choose you also have to do the things you need to do to retain power within your government.","You may no longer be the 1 leader but instead you represent the line of power over time. Monarchy - have kids, protect your blood line, prevent assassination Democracy - Get your party re-elected every x years Communism - prevent, squash and survive revolt Anarchy - battle usurpers regularly, raise children that can also battle usurpers.",1557813834
bqz2c2,Smartphone racing line simulator,"Player draws a racing line on a race-track, and game uses the line for a car to drive exactly on while player watches it struggle. Based on cars abilities, if the corner drawn is too sharp, the car will have to slow down etc. Compete against other players drawn lines, who gets the best time wins. different cars will require different lines for top times (different racing style) to get best time unlock better different cars, compete in different car classes, compare times with friends, the usual",1558375733
bq3t7w,I need a setting / story for a Claymation Metroidvania,"I’m a couple months into development of a Metroidvania that’s being made entirely out of clay. In this Will Vinton inspired game, the player controls various clay creatures, each with with different abilities. In an almost Kirby-like fashion, to gain new abilities you abandon your current form and absorb an enemy to take over their form. I have the visual style and the game mechanics all working to a level I’m happy with, but I’m struggling with a setting and character motivation. Some sort of elevator pitch for where the character is and why they are doing what they are doing. As examples, this is how I would summarize other similar games: Metroid: bounty hunter exterminating the last of a dangerous creature Shadow Complex: investigating / escaping from a secret underground military complex Song of the Deep: exploring the ocean in a submarine in search of your father Hollow Knight: exploring a dying world of bugs in search of the source of corruption",1558184830
bsnoq7,Pokemon rom hack with tcg elements,I've always wanted this. It's an itch I need scratched. If this exists already tell me.,1558739402
bt1tq9,Savage world,"i have a game idea where in single player you conquer a world with massive battles on several maps that are already made out (kind of like battle field but medieval fantasy) you can go out and tame wild animals and you can defeat ogres to fightnin your army and at the end of the campaigns (4 for each fantasy race) you unlock multiplayer where other people of different fantasy races can attack your world the single player would be a large vast open world with prec. gen. trees and hills and only major landmarks like mountains and cities would be set in stone you can build a base at first but as you conquer cities it becomes much more fruitful to live there you would have a base choosing option like that of state ofndecay where it shows you what you have, qhat you get for taking residency there Nd how long roughly you can last befor eyou have to leave. It could also have an empire function( sort of like clans) where your friends and you can share the same world and build up in the same empire or build against eachither and wage war. i know this is a very large game and would take a long time to make but i think itd be badass",1558831416
bsd718,Survival type addition to Ghost Recon Breakpoint,"I know this is for a game that’s already made but I’d love to see that setting with this type of mode in it. To start out this in no way would play like a battle royale. With the new injury system in the game, I think a PvPvE survive the elements type game would be very cool. I get excited thinking about how amazing the survival game mode from the division could be implemented on a big map like this with multiple biomes with a small amount of players (like around 20-30) so the player encounters are intense and exciting when they do happen. There’s so many different ways they could go about it to make it fit ghost recon too. It could start out just like how survival does but with a plane crash for the first time that you go in. You would need to find the medical supplies and if in a squad, your team mates. Once you’re up and running, it’s time to search for gear. I think that gear should range from guns, weapon attachments, med kits, and clothing for the weather to possibly even drones and keys to vehicles. From there I think the main objective could be trying to get to an extraction point that’s maybe marked across the map so potentially you wouldn’t even need to kill anyone if you were patient enough to sneak. The chance of spotting someone would be intense. After extraction there could be a hub type menu or actual in game area to sell the weapons for cosmetics in PVE or just regular PVP. Or you could stockpile and bring your weapons with you the next time you go into this mode but you’ll also face the chance or losing them for good if you die. Also, I love intense weather in games. I’d love to have to fight a blizzard like in survival and start fires and craft things in this too on a certain biome.. matches could even be ongoing and never really have to end so maybe something like setting up the weird camp things (i don’t remember the name) and that could act as a team respawn kind of like how apex works but you would literally have to buddy carry them all the way back to the camp to bring them back. Certain vehicles could also be added but I’d love to see like a gas mechanic too.. maybe.. On top of all this it’d be awesome to have some type of leveling and progression system built in with rewards.. maybe like a way to build your perfect weapon and swap parts in and out from other weapons. Let me know what you guys think. Please don’t shit on it too hard lol",1558676661
bu1dh6,Simple mobile game ideas??,"Can someone help me with a kinda simple mobile game idea, a ketchapp-like game? i just want something simple but addictive.",1559057292
budet8,"Capture the point on a fully destructible map with castles, cannons, muskets etc","So ironically I got this from a shitty ad for guns n glory. But imagine a game where you have to capture zones on a timer, so the defenders have a castle and cannons to defend, the attackers have a certain amount of time to capture several spots in the castle. The map is fully destructible with things like the cannons being able to destroy parts of the castle, or other cannons as well as create craters for players to lay in and have some cover. The game would inspire strategy and tactics among the attackers, using cannons as a tool not a weapon, the defenders would need to use cannons to destroy the attackers cover and cannons to prevent them breaking down the castle wall or smashing open a choke point Any ideas or improvements?",1559128979
bso2vy,Visual Novel that you Type,"I’m sure something like this has been attempted, so let me know some games like it and I could try. So visual novels are books that you play, but sometimes as I click and click I get disengaged out of lack of interaction. Even if the story is good. There can only be so many choices, and although some games have mini game sections to pad the gameplay, they’re often disjointed from the rest of the game. This got me thinking: why not merge typing and visual novel? It’s the perfect combination. You type out the entire story as you read it, so the gameplay is still idle but more involved. Whenever you mistype, your character loses Charisma points. These points are needed for making choices, like in the Fallout series. And did I mention, you also make choices by typing them out? There are timed tasks where you make choices quickly, and you fail if you don’t finish, so choose your words wisely. Mini games where you fight enemies by typing fit perfectly in the game as well.",1558741803
bvylso,"Not a game idea, but an idea for games","In FPS games, there'd be a reference window where you can see the effect of graphics settings (things like Anti-Aliasing, FOV, and Ambient Occlusion come to mind), and clicking inside of it will give you control of it and you can take a look at the effects of gameplay settings (things like mouse sensitivity, v-sync and various input settings come to mind).",1559489847
bnp389,Give me your ideas. How can I upgrade this game?,"https://youtu.be/dE6WgYYuqDM Here's a quick gameplay. This is mobile game about drawing triangles and stacking them in tower. In current state game is very raw, repatable. Feel free with your ideas, I can change game to any genre.",1557668643
bkvk9d,Point control RTS focused on weapon and supplies,"I'm considering a game idea and want to know if it's too much micro managing to play. I guess it's most like Company of Heroes but set in a Stalker like setting. You control a gang and have to secure control points on roads. You earn rep and money whenever a merchant or neutral party passes through one of your points. But lose rep is one of these is attacked on your territory. The amount of new gang members you get is based on your rep compared to the other players. Having 1/5 of the total rep means you get 1/5 of the new members. Money is used to buy better equipment and supplies for individual gang members. This means weapons and armour would be managed on a per person basis, I think like DoW1 does it. To me, this sounds fairly standard and pretty boring. I want to add bandits and neutral creatures to make it a bit less plain but my real question is suplies and supply lines. I want squads to only carry so many rounds and medical kits, with supplies held in the control points. This would mean that after fighting, the gang members would need to return to a control point to get more supplies. This means that the player would need to setup supply lines so that these control points can get ammunition from the main base. Does this mechanic along with managing the equipment (potentially) per person make the game too annoying ? Cheers.",1557045641
brdybg,Marvel Fighting Game similar to Injustice?,,1558463147
bl8dck,Local Multiplayer Game,"I’m thinking of making a multiplayer couch game for a couple friends and I, but I haven’t been able to think of any good creative ideas. I’ve read the local co-op post but it’s all one character but splitting controls (i.e. movement, sight, and shooting). I want to make a simple but fun game to play with a couple people on a couch. Co-op like “lovers in a dangerous space time quarrel” is pretty chill but I’m also up for fighting or any other style. Ideally the game can be quickly replay-able like a “binding of Isaac” sort but I’m not opposed to a story like “Castle Crashers”. I’m just curious what your ideas are and what I can give a shot, thank you!",1557123177
boxbcl,Mortal Coil - 4 Player RTS with trading and tower defence,"***Mortal Coil***  Another Demon Door has opened inside the continent, and the Foresworn council send 4 mortals to defend the zone and contain the invasion, and ultimately locate and destroy the demon door. The gameplay utilizes isometric (ish) camera position, Diablo style combat with close area of effect melee weapons, ranged weapons firing arcing projectiles, destructive and control magic and defensive and support style magic. Outside of combat it is up to the mortals to build and maintain a defensive garrison that will house and aid the zone’s refugees, they will construct their garrison by building a fort, which creates an area of influence which permits building inside, this area of influence will grow with more refugees and garrison strength. This garrison will also hold the Mortals profession specific building, which will allow each mortal to upgrade their skills, craft equipment and consumables, or create components from reagents to be utilized in the various crafting interactions. (Like black and white style of building influence) Leading the demonic invasion is an immortal of death incarnate, who spearheads the invasion as the AI sends swarms of demons to destroy the mortals. They build unit producing buildings which feed of natural resources and solidify a foothold into the continent. This death incarnate has the goal of destroying the 4 other players and finally their fort, whilst also defending their demon door (which the players must find and destroy to beat the game) **Mortal Classes** Mortals have 4 different classes to choose, they may all be played at once as a lot of interesting interactions can develop between each class. (This can be managed by a matchmaking to pair people who want to play a certain class) Each class has a profession that goes hand in hand with their class, and can benefit other mortals as well as their garrison. (It may become impossible to progress without another classes progression helping you - ie, blacksmith learning how to make a certain rare metal arrowhead before the woodworker can fletch their arrows - and the woodworker having the correct wood. Warrior - Blacksmith Sword wielding, focused on using threat and stamina to draw monsters into him, soaking damage for his teammates and inflicting wide area of effect damage through heavy melee strikes. Great at charging into the fray and leaping into a vangard to spearhead assaults. Blacksmith profession will see the player gather ore, jewels and minerals from ore deposits or rock veins, which will require him to journey into caves and mines to find ore. The blacksmith will create the Forge, allowing him to build blacksmithing equipment to purify, alloy metal and create ingots, which are then used to hammer into sword edges, tool heads, nails, armor etc. etc… Sorcerer - Cartography Combat is focused entirely on using magic spells to inflict damage in both area of effect spells and single target high damage output - They have little defensive ability and use evasive tactics to confuse and escape enemies or render themselves unable to be attacked. Mesmer like abilities will help with this tactic. Their profession is focused on exploring the map - setting up garrison waypoints using their powerful portal magic when they find areas of interest on the map. They study the world to find dungeons and relics that will aid the travellers. They can use terrain shifting magic to reveal mines or perhaps hidden areas - or setup defences in any garrison or inside the travellers base. The Sorcerer can craft the Wayfinder building which will provide points for players to use the portals the sorcerer sets up, by upgrading they can create more portal points. Ranger - Woodworker Combat is focused also on ranged attacks, primarily single target damage. They are the most powerful at bringing down large foes as they can disable and kite using their wide array of arrows which each serve different purpose. They use traps and explosives to bait and control the fighting arena as well as crowd control techniques. Their profession of woodworking is focused on using different types of wood to either fletch bows, arrow shafts, staff handles, tool handles - also crafting different furniture to help the base - such as chests, work benches, beds for houses, and other vanity items which increase the value of the household and can attract higher value citizens. They require wood for all their crafting so rely heavily on the Sorcerer to find forests and setting up garrisons to allow them to bring back valuable wood they so desperately need. They can also craft defensive traps and turrets using their wood such as catapults or ballistae turrets or even static defences such as spikes or deadfall and pitfall traps Druid - Herbalism Combat for the druid is focused on healing and enhancing their allies - the use ancient magic to call upon the world around them to mend the wounds of their allies, as well as providing bonus enhancements to their damage or defence. They have a high skill cap to play because they rely on positioning heavily as their spells seldom have much range to them. They do have some offensive abilities that revolve around poison darts using various plants. Their profession is that of Herbalism, planting herbs and crops that they will use to craft powerful potions that can be used either during a fight to heal or replenish mana or before to prepare for an encounter by increasing resistance to certain attack types. The druid can create the Botanical Gardens, which is where they can mix their potions and grow a select amount of herbs. They can also use their herbs to weave fibers and create linen clothes. This is all just a draft - i intend to build this in Unity. Any suggestions are welcome!",1557923260
bohef9,Looking people for a game project,"Hey, I was wondering if anyone here would be interested in a game project, I've been thinking of making one on my own but I think it would be better to do with other people. I'm fairly good in blender and unreal engine 4, and I suppose my focus would be horror but that's not written in stone. Only thing I'm not comfortable with is the blueprints/C++ so if anyone knows more about them, that'd be great. So, if anyone would be interested please let me know.",1557831475
bruqjc,RPG with one super power,"You go outside and realize you can breathe fire. You hang out in your little village trying to breathe fire on everything. Grass. Sticks. All the fires die out very quickly because you can only make small fires. Eventually, you burn down your first house and you either promise never to do it again or you run away. Now you have to take on weird jobs and solve them. The world is a frozen wasteland. Like dungeon exploring! Do you risk burning down the dungeon with your fellow adventurers or do you play it safe and only blow tiny fireballs? Do you focus on controlling your fire breathing or do you go all out? Do you kill monsters? Cook meat? (Eating anything not spicy will lower your fire power) You meet someone who freezes everything she touches. For some reason, your fire power is ten times stronger around her.",1558561698
bt9kkk,Anyone Remember Custom Robo?,I grew up playing the GameCube and DS versions and would love to see a reappearance. I’ve set in my mind that I want to make a fan made Custom Robo inspired game. Since I love programming and have always been interesting in developing a game. Here’s a few things I’d like in this game: Online Multiplayer More Robo Customization Character Customization Deep main story Tournaments Unique Enemies Lemme know what you guys would like! And I’ll let you all know how things go with my dream of bringing back Custom Robo!,1558886478
bnb6f8,I want city management game that will do for Electric Grid what City Skylines did for traffic control.,"I want game that truly expand managing Electricity in the city. Now all games have basically: Build this electric power plant to have X available gigawatts for your city. And that's it. No daily fluctuations, no setting the price for electricity. No transformation stations. Solar power either work constantly, or is turn on during the daytime and off during the night. Clouds, seasons or day time have no effects on it. The same with Wind power that just work constantly. No going up and down with the wind. I think it will be truly eye-opening for peoples to try manage the system. And show true pros and cons of different power plants.",1557574967
bnya8a,A game idea with a twist,"This game is pretty 4th wall to be honest. One of the characters is a game dev who made a game with its typical Protagonist/Antagonist and a story, but he also wants to live inside it. Posing as an ordinary civilian in the game, he always sees some progress from the protagonist. But one time, the protagonist deviated from the story, chooses freedom and lived on his own life instead. Then the actual protagonist will be the game dev and the old protagonist will be the new antagonist.",1557718367
bobcm7,A racing game you go so fast you travel back in time and finish the race before it started,"Vehicle control and track design similar to Wipeout, where the emphasis is on keeping the momentum and catching the speed boosters in the track. No weapons though. &amp;#x200B; When you reach top speed, time starts flowing backwards but you keep going straight. Lose momentum and you stop traveling back in time. If you are not time warping, all your movements are recorded so you'll leave a ghost for others and yourself to interact with. &amp;#x200B; There's no limit to how many times you can go time warp. The only important thing is avoiding time paradoxes touching vehicles from the past. Doing so sends you back in space, time and lap progress. Win condition is the same as any other racing games, just complete X laps around the track. &amp;#x200B; Players in time warp mode can all interact with each other regardless of where they are in time.",1557792142
bpfd7o,Gifted,"The hero(you choose a gender, appearance and fully customizable character) discovers a book on magic that enables him to either receive good or evil powers. This is where you define your path, which in turn determines the game story as follows: -Path of Evil: Your final goal is to drive away a host of angels sent to influence the choice of a new Pope which will ensure a new age of peace and prosperity. - Path of Righteousness: You must defeat an evil sorcerer bent on opening the gates of hell. -Neutral: No real goals, just a GTA/Sims like gameplay, but can do quests for both sides. These paths are not definitive, unless you choose them to be. You can always switch paths(but will lose all Good/Evil Gifts in the process). Or you can covertly do some quests for the other side, while keeping your chosen path. Some quests are not dependent on the choice you made and can be done by both Good and Evil Gifted players. When you die, you can continue playing, depending upon the path you choose: Evil: Your Gifts turn you into a vampire or a ghost, which gives you new powers, but are forced to play differently(eg: avoid garlic and crosses as a vampire). Good: You turn to an angel. God saves you, and thought you nearly died(if your Good Gifts are high enough you are always saved, you can't get killed), you return in full health and carry on as usual. Alternatively, you can create multiple characters, so if one dies, you play as the next one. This means you can have multiple characters which follow different Paths, but you must keep track of them, so you know which does what. The game looks like a gta/vtmb style game and can be a shooter or driving game with some supernatural elements. You get haunted homes to clean(regardless of Path), you fight demons and vampires. There is a strong socializing component in that you can make friends and interact with NPCs. Unfortunately, only the Evil Path grants you a Gift(Deceiving Manipulator) which, if high enough, makes you manipulate and seduce and play other characters so you can get what you want. (more as I get new ideas).",1558027472
bs36em,Battle royale where squads shift with each new circle.,Ok so make a typical battle royale game where players drop all across a map. Have the constant circle closing in and random loot scattered around. Now for the fun part. At each new circle team members are randomly shifted. So someone in your squad for the first part of the battle can be your enemy in the next circle enclosure. That someone who was chasing you all of a sudden becomes an ally. There can also be a random event that changes it instantly without any warning. There would be many strategies that come about from this style of battle royale. Maybe have some areas that are funneled into the next area. The only way to get through as an entire squad is by having only 3 members instead of the full 4 escape. This would cause an internal battle. The game would have to be balanced into making having another player on squad as a huge advantage to combay people killing entire squad to become solo.,1558619371
bn4b2v,Harry Potter series but it's set out like the Arkham games,,1557524983
bmc9s8,A single player game where the main mechanic is saving time for use later,So for example the player could press a button to skip the game world forward half a second in time and then later on they could press another button to use up that saved time to slow down time for half a second to make a section easier. This game would need to have constant danger as to prevent the player from farming a large amount of time in safety.,1557356934
bsm5mz,Audiogame adventure (own mini-console with no TV/monitor/screen),"A raspberryPi zero costs about 10$/€... I would say that's roughly the price of a Visual Novel I guess. Now, what if we sell such hardware with an game included, what game could be: your smartphone and your smartTV probably would be already able to retro-play any kind of videogame from the beginning of time to early 2000 (about the N64). What kind of game would not be able to play the cheap OS in your smartphone/smartTV already? A completely new brand of gaming branch... almost unexplored by now. An Audio adventure! A... **Audio Novel** on place of what usually you play Visual Novel? What would be the advance of an Audio Novel compared to a Visual Novel? Think the success the AudioBook had: long travel, alone, in a car... how could someone be able to enjoy book while driving? AudioBook its the straight away a need for common people: visually busy and unable to read...audiobook allowed them to enjoy many new books. Can we apply this same logic on gaming? Can you think of many instances where you would play a game... but your eyes are constantly busy? Maybe you're on a bus/metro. Maybe you're at bed... between the need to sleep, but still wanting to live an adventure (without get your eyes busy).... or simply you're in a public place, you want to play game... but you don't want people around you to know (headphones of course). I've made a draft: a simple navigation system. https://fortoj.itch.io/audiogame-system-draft the current draft present the core of the game mechanics with three buttons: [left], [right] and [action]. These three keys are intended to give the player to pick up to 4 choices each time (which can be pick path, pick dialogue talking with npc, perform actions etc.)",1558731356
bmabuj,Destructible ads in a Star Fox (SNES) like shooter,"star fox like 3d shooter, flying through the game, and you see ads playing on giant billboards.. which you can blow up enemy ads that fire lasers at you Best part - blowing up the ads Honestly this sounds funner without having the ads inside. also not sure the platforms would allow this kind of crazy interaction with ads HURDLES what annoys me about mobile ads is you can't just click one and read a short blurb at your leisure, they're always N second long videos or even just animated gifs or something that waste your processor time, take up valuable screen space and slow down everything. Worst of all, they pop up on their own, instead of letting the user choose to ciew them Destructible ads would need to get past all of those hurdles, to feel smooth and part of the game world of course the best looking ads would have an advantage over others",1557347200
botwko,Somthing I though would go better in this sub. Although it might be a little taxing on most systems.,,1557898655
btq2lo,The Thing horror game.,"The Thing is one of my most favorite horror movies of all time and the 2002 video game was excellent. Because of that, I've been thinking about a new The Thing survival horror game. The game would be single player with AIs. I'll explain why later. You assume the role as one of 12 scientists at an Antarctic facility. One or more of you is infected (minimum of 1 and a maximum of 3 at the start) and it's your job to expose the imposter(s) and destroy them. There are 12 male and 12 female characters to choose from, each with different attributes and traits, but you start with only six and have to unlock the others. Once you select a character, you can either manually fill in the other slots or let the game randomly do so. You then are asked how many scientists have already been infected and you select one, two, or three, then the game will randomly assign the infections. You don't have to play with all 12 scientists, however. You can start with a minimum of 4, in which only one person will automatically be infected. The options for 2 infected open when you play with 6 or more scientists and three with 8 or more. There is no storyline and it's all open-world. Your mission is simple: Survive and help take down the Thing(s). As with the 2002 game, the game has a trust system. As no one has any idea who is infected, everyone is paranoid, on edge, and not trusting anyone. Ways you can gain trust include giving weapons and equipment, protecting them from exposed Things, testing yourself, and killing/helping kill Things. Ways you can lose trust include attacking them, murdering others, forcing them to give things up, and pointing a weapon at them. Your duty is to prepare blood test kits in order to unmask the imposters, but it's not as easy as it sounds. You have to gather enough materials to develop enough kits for everyone (at least those who haven't already been exposed), but the imposters will actively try to sabotage you (cutting the power, destroying or steatling the kits/materials if you leave them unattended, etc.). You won't be alone in developing the kits, though. Other scientists, depending on their traits, will help you and can also develop kits on their own. Things will also be actively trying to assimilate you, mainly by trying to lure or bait you into being alone with them, and will use different tactics and strategies. They may try to bribe you, say they need to talk with you, interrogate you, seduce you if it's a member of the opposite sex, say that they need help with something, or some other excuse. Once you are alone with them, they will automatically transform and attack. Although this sounds like a no-brainer when it comes to indentifying who is infected, uninfected characters will also do this, both to you and others, plus you can also do this. Things will also automatically transform and attack if you find them assimilating another scientist, caught in the midst of sabotage, or if they are exposed as an imposter at any time, blood kits or not. They can be weakened with gunfire, but, as in the movie and original game, the only way to truly kill them is by fire. The game has two possible endings: All Things are dead and everyone is dead/assimilated. If you are assimilated, however, the game isn't over; you now play as a Thing. As a Thing, your job now is to assimilate everyone while also trying to make sure that your disguise isn't compromised. It won't be as easy as it sounds, with everyone being paranoid, so you have to also gain trust from the uninfected. You also have to continue sabotaging efforts to develop blood kits to buy time, but if you are caught, you will automatically be found out. You have the ability to identify who else are Things and communicate with them and work together, but since Things don't look out for each other (e.g., Palmer ratting out the Norris spider-head in the 1982 movie), they may betray you, but you can as well. As I said before, there are multiple tactics and ways to lure survivors in, then striking. Gaining trust once again plays a large part in this. Your final score is determined by the number of remaining survivors, how many Things/scientists you killed/assimilated, how long it took, and your final trust level with other survivors (not there if you're the only survivor). The more points you rack up, the more awards you can buy, including more scientists and the ability to start as a Thing. Why would this be a single player game instead of an asymmetric multiplayer game like Dead by Daylight or Friday the 13th: The Game? Because I'm not really sure how the game could work that way if one/two/three players were Things and everyone else were human. As I've seen with DbD and F13, players have betrayed others by working with the enemies just to level up and such. I'd like to see this done like Alien Isolation, unless you guys can give some insight and ideas as to how multiplayer could possibly work. So, that's that. What do you guys think of this idea? I know this may not have been written all that well, but it's mostly what I could come up with. What other ideas and such would you add? What else could determine the final score? How could multiplayer work?",1558984597
bo5v5p,Looking for inspirational reference to help me flesh out a cyberpunk (genre) idea?,"Hi all! I'm wondering if anyone might be able to offer any recommendations for resources I can use for inspiration to flesh out a long-term idea I've had kicking around? I want to develop a game set in a cyberpunk world, but more dark and gritty/psychological than the modern take on the genre. I only have a few points of reference and unfortunately with Cyberpunk 2077 on the horizon, my research has been very muddied and inconsistent (not that I'm necessarily complaining - that game looks amazing). &amp;#x200B; My main source of inspiration comes from the types of retro-tech worlds like Akira or Serial Experiments: Lain. I also really enjoy the look and feel of games like Super Metroid and Axiom Verge (although Axiom and Lain are probably the strongest influence for the type of world I want to build). I've also been influenced a lot by some of the darker synthwave music that's come out in the last few years like Power Glove and - more specifically - Mega Drive's 198xAD record (the cover art for that record evokes the same sort of emotion I want to cultivate). I also really like the dystopian feel of the Mega Man games and the story of Dr. Wily and Dr. Light and how their pursuit of technological advancement and feuding plunged the world into chaos. The subterranean world of Hollow Knight is also a huge inspiration and will be one of the key references I use when I finally set out to building my game. &amp;#x200B; I was just wondering if anyone would have any recommendations for similar books, anime, films, art, music, etc. that might help to better understand the world I'm building? Or any similar ideas or media from this niche that might be off-the-beaten path? Would anyone know what to even call this particular genre of science fiction so I might be able to find some more resources on my own? Thanks! I'd be stoked to hear any ideas or suggestions you guys might have as well :)",1557765744
bv1yks,"A fractal can have as many dimensions as you like. If each dimension other than X and Y is a mouse draggable slidebar, you could navigate 20 dimensions seeing the fractal change appearance. Could be puzzle games to shape it certain ways.",,1559269604
boazh7,"Never thought I'd say this, but... I need an idea guy.","I have everything I need to make my game - the programming skills, art, music and 3D models. Unfortunately, I can't for the life of me come up with a good story! I have a premise but keep coming across colossal writing blocks. Basically, our protagonist finds out the corporation he works for is doing sick experiments. When the suits find out, he becomes a walking dead man with no place to hide. Any ideas would be greatly appreciated. If you would like to partner up on the story, send me a PM.",1557790184
blrnbg,Diagnostic lab Simulator,"I had an idea about developing a game which allowed the player to set up a diagnostic pathology\radiology lab but in a more fun way. The player would have to look at the internal operations, reporting and also look at the business expansion. Another aspect of the game would be to look at the inventory, upgrade to use the right technology and also maintain quality by inspections. Is it really boring?",1557240833
bpqdtn,SciFi/Steampunk FF Tactics,"Make your own version of Final Fantasy Tactics. I prefer SciFi or Steampunk with magic. No not into Xcom or Shadowrun. Your own version, your own universe. And make it bit pixelated or low poly or whatever you call it. Thank you!",1558094594
brddrh,Ideas for a comedy game with many characters,"NOTE: by comedy, I mean, basically a game with the most random events. (basically what you would see on an acid trip) Game specifications: Side scrolled, 2D, Pixel art. I am an experienced game dev, so give me your most complex ideas. It MUST require many characters with speaking roles (I want to use many voice actors for this project)",1558460356
bvr6tp,A focus on telekinetic powers.,"Not an original idea/concept, I know. Using only telekinesis, solve puzzles, defeat enemies, and traverse the environment. Start off with a simple ""grab"", but unlock more abilities and stronger versions as you progress. Some movement abilities could be a double jump, a hover, and a grapple to pull yourself towards high or out of reach areas/things. Offensive: create mini explosions, or even a telekinetic version of a black hole that sucks things in at a certain point. Make finger guns with your hands and mentally shoot the enemy. Defensively you could create a mental wall to stop bullets etc. Abilities would be assigned to each hand, so shield with one hand and grab with the other. Or have the same ability in each hand for a stronger effect ie. grab or lift something heavy, create a bigger explosion, etc. Story would take a back seat. Something simple, like wake up in a lab strapped to a table, or something equally cliche.",1559432583
blut96,Red Owl Games is looking for your co-op game ideas!,"Hello Reddit! We (/u/rocktavious &amp; /u/emmyoop) are Red Owl Games. We are a brand new husband and wife studio ""Making Games Together to Play Together."" We are going to make a handful of little co-op games over the next year or so to help kickstart our game making processes while also building up a community of co-op game playing ""red owls"". **Our Vision:** To create games by taking a pragmatic and sustainable approach to our development practices. **Our Mission:** To create fun, engaging and cooperative games that everyone, regardless of age or skill level, can enjoy together. &amp;#x200B; We have come to reddit to ask for your ideas on (small-ish) local co-op games you'd like to see made. While we'll take every idea under consideration we have a few core values for you to consider before you post your idea to us! * Cooperative First * Respect the Player * No Pay-to-Play/Pay-to-Win * Always enough time to do it the right way You can get to know more about us at [https://redowlgames.com/](https://redowlgames.com/) or join our discord [https://discord.gg/7TKhQXg](https://discord.gg/7TKhQXg) &amp;#x200B; We look forward to your suggestions and the stirring conversations that will happen as we begin to build from this community's ideas!",1557256352
btfc3l,"An ""Imagination Movers"" -inspired exploration game where you explore their giant warehouse with all of the wacky rooms.","All of the ones from the series could be included, in addition to original ones made up by the game designers.",1558916562
bo6mcl,Deckbuilding RPG - Needs a programmer,"Think Slay the Spire mechanics with Dead Cells progression. It's the game I've always wanted to make, and I'm studying programming to consider making it myself, but I'd love for an advanced or experienced programmer to come alongside and do the heavy lifting with their unique skills. &amp;#x200B; So the game is set up as a deckbuilding game, nothing too fancy. My only intentions thus far are to create a working proof of concept that can be pitched to a high level publisher. But if you're confident in your abilities, I'm sure we could really build the game ourselves and publish it. You hear of indie companies starting with one or two people all the time, that could be you. &amp;#x200B; So the game. You have a deck, you draw cards, cards are used for combat. Cards level up. Your deck levels up. Your card draw and usage levels up. For the first tutorial fight of the game you have four cards in your deck, and you have the ability to draw two and play one. Strike. Simple. You hit the main NPC of the game twice, he loses, you level up. Now you can draw two cards. He invites you into his simple tower, to clear out the dungeon. He gives you one starting colored card. Think getting your starter pokemon, it's special, it can upgrade, it needs to be leveled up. Now you have five cards in your deck. You enter the dungeon, fight monsters with your simple hand, drawing two and playing two. You beat the first level, and you can now draw three cards, and are still able to play two. You see where I'm going? You enter the dungeon again and again, fighting monsters for XP, and using XP to level up armor, get attack +1 bonuses, every use of your card is measured, which then level up and become more powerful. You can gain card draw for XP, you can gain card usage for XP, you can increase your HP, you can use XP to destroy a card permanently from your deck, heck of course you can use XP to buy a card, or upgrade a card from level 1 to level 2 .. 3 4 5, etc. &amp;#x200B; The focus is on the snowballing progression, similar to Dead Cells, with battle mechanics playing like a limited Slay the Spire. I have the full idea flushed out, how the scenes will work, what the leveling rates will be, etc. etc. I just need a programmer willing to take on a small hobby project that could become big.",1557769282
bn80dw,Relatively Basic Survival Game,"# Pointless information: I've always enjoyed survival games immensely. Minecraft was the first proper game I ever got addicted to. I've since played countless survival games ranging from The Forest, to The Long Dark. Most survival games happen to have a pretty poor or basic story to explain how you've gotten where you are. A few days back I had this surprisingly vivid backstory idea for a survival game. # Backstory: Your alarm wakes you up. You're in your house, and to make this short and sweet, you live an entire (in-game) day. Eat breakfast, go to work, etc. This could be considered the tutorial stage. End the day by returning to your bed. You awake and begin what starts off as a normal day. Very quickly you find that absolutely every human in your town has disappeared without trace. They didn't pack up and leave as vehicles are still in driveways, and houses appear to be in perfect condition. This is essentially where you begin to survive. &amp;#x200B; # Things I've Thought About a Bit But am Not Really Sure About: * 3d? 2d? Probably wouldn't really matter. 3d of course gives more opportunity for feeling more attached to your character and/or the world around you. * What would differentiate this game from others? In my opinion there's an incredible amount of things you can do with a survival game to make it different in almost every aspect. As I haven't thought too much about gameplay, I don't really know what could make it unique. * Well this could make it sorta unique: I think the zombie survival is far oversaturated, and I think this game could be well suited for a more organic and realistic survival experience. By realistic I do not mean hardcore. I mean animals (and perhaps disease) are your worst predator. I'm really thinking about The Long Dark here, but far less hardcore. * The story could be manipulated or expanded upon throughout the game. I really like how Subnautica does its story. It's very organic, and flows well with whatever else you're doing. It feels simultaneously surreal and... like it's all a sort of secret discovery. So what I'm saying is, perhaps you learn more about what's happened to this town over time. No ""go to point a to find a clue"", but you just sorta find it on accident. Or.. 'accident'. * The world itself has a lot of potential. Initially I was thinking that you lived on a secluded, but modern town surrounded by miles of forest, and maybe on its own small island. After the disappearance of everyone, I was thinking the world turns into your same city but 100 years have somehow passed and now it's ruins, covered in flora and fauna. Then I also thought that the world could stay simply as a mysteriously abandoned town. I'm kind of thinking of the Roanoke Colony there. * Another sort of far fetched but possibly intriguing thought I had was a procedurally generated world. Not necessarily infinite, but the town and surrounding terrain is different each time you play the game. # Final Thoughts: I know I didn't really include a lot of details on much. There's so many things that I *could* come up with on the subject of survival games, but I figured I'd rather not muddy the base idea here. I just discovered this sub and quickly found people aren't fond of over-detailing, so I tried to leave most of my ideas pretty open. Always willing to alter things; switch it up whether for the benefit of the developer, or the player. And a small disclaimer: This is **not** something I expect, or really even *want* anyone to make. I really just wanted a place I could throw my idea onto, and maybe even get a few suggestions from the community here. That being said, feel free to criticize or add onto any of the aspects mentioned. &amp;#x200B; # TL;DR A survival game with a little more focus on the story. No zombies, just nature. All townspeople mysteriously disappear, except for you, of course.",1557548470
blykn6,Hide and seek for the modern age,"Remember playing hide and seek with your childhood friends? This would be a spin-off of that. It's assic hide and seek but you use your phones for power ups. Everyone joins a ""lobby"" and a seeker is decided by rng. Then the hiders go hide. Now, the seeker would have powerups they could use like ping where using GPS a little ping bubble pops up showing them the position of one of the hiders. Also, an alarm where when you activate it one of the hiders phones makes a loud beeping. The seekers could have powers like fake their location or jam the signal or even expose other hiders. I think I would be able to make this, but I'm not exactly sure if it's even a good idea. Thoughts?",1557275462
bv062y,Something Different,"So I've been toying with the idea and story of a time traveling RPGesk game everything is subject to change as I write more. You start in modern day as a character you create with a few options for backstories including career, average life skills, and other options. You sign up to test an experimental device the CIA is using (Time Machine) the machine requires has high failure rate and to your knowledge they haven't gotten it to work. The machine requires a certain select genes or something to work correctly. You happen to be the match then in a flash you are sent to random time (out of 3-4). These time periods are fully fleshed out and the goal is to blend in set up a life, gain popularity and seek a way back, but there's no guarantee you will be sent back to the correct time. You make the choice to leave or stay in your new found life or venture into the unknown possibly starting all over in an unknown time. Discover myths vs reality in different times, meet famous figures from history and survive. You decide the future, and the past.",1559259178
bl0gsj,Give me your best game ideas. I’ll make them come alive.,"Hey, I’m bored, I have the budget, and I have the time. Comment your best game ideas, no matter how crazy and I’ll give it a shot.",1557077381
budbfj,Realistic Horror Decision Game,"I know that there are a lot of these types of games out there, but hear me out. Story: You play as an average man living with his wife and kids. Right when the game starts, you can move around the house and interact with specific marked objects, which each have a set of scenarios you can play through. No matter what choices you make, you are going to die. Gameplay: the gameplay is relatively simple. Select a trigger object inside the house and a set of scenarios will be available for you to choose from. For example, the object you choose is the phone. You can call someone from the list that appears, and that will start the scenario. The game may transition to a new location, and a cutscene will play that gives you some information on what your character is doing. When the cutscene is over, you will be given an objective to follow, which mainly serves as a guideline for what to do. At this point, the game will let you know if there are any special mechanics available, and how to control them. When you complete an objective, a new objective will appear. Once you finish each objective, you will be shown the ending to that scenario and be taken back to the house. Now if you select an object that has already had an objective completed, it will be marked. Example: You select the phone and call up one of your character’s friends. They invite you to go hiking through a forest, and the game transitions to a cutscene of you and your friend as you get ready to walk the trail. You can now control your character, and the friend will mostly just follow you unless an event occurs. Your objective appears on the top-left, telling you that you need to follow the trail. In the center of the screen, some text appears that lets you know that you now have a flashlight, and you can turn it on/off with the specified button/key. Objectives won’t always have to be completed the way that they appear. Instead of following the trail, you could always wander off into the forest. Your friend will have unique dialogue for situations like this. If you go too far, your objective will change, telling you to find the trail again. Your characters won’t be able to find it though, and events will occur that lead to your character, and possibly your friend, dying. Even if you follow the path, something else will happen that will kill you anyways. Characters: The main character, his wife and kids, and some of his friends mostly. Locations: Some examples are the forest, the ocean, an abandoned building, on the road, and in a complex underground tunnel system. Consoles: Most likely current generation consoles like the PS4 or Xbox One, or PC. The graphics would need to be detailed, and the game would probably be a decent size after it was finished Let me know if you have any questions about this, or if I might have missed explaining something!",1559128355
bu66t1,Monster Hunter Royale,"Aight so Boom, imagine dropping down to a island full of monsters of varying difficultly and design, all fighting each other and YOU, while you fight them and EACH OTHER. Basically PVP/PVE. You land, look for a monster, kill with bare fist and the parts to forge the weapon. Use the weapon to kill other players and get their loot and take on more powerful monsters on the map. I don't know about a ring closing because if a rare monster spawns in the corner people may be shit out of luck i guess. Desired mechanics: -pretty decent run speed for characters -time limit for entire match -respawns earned after a certain cut off of players Im not a huge fan of the battle royale genre but i do appreciate a nice high stakes pvp so hear me out any criticism or interest",1559080829
bupfb1,Server list vs Matchmaking,"Hello fellow game enthusiasts, I'm currently working on a 1v1 3rd person magic fighting game in unreal (we all know how annoying multiplayer is in unreal lol). I'm a fan of mmr systems in games like league of legends and wanted to do that, however, my skill in that department is lacking so I thought I would start with a server list (like cs:go). The question I have is how a server list would work on a 1v1 game? It seems only plausible on a group (5+ player) game like cs:go, fortnite, pubg, rust, etc where you a group that joins a server. Should I focus on learning matchmaking or just add a server list for now? What are your Opinions?",1559194556
btgen2,Cooperative experiences for more than 4 players are seriously lacking.,"Over the past few weeks some friends and I have been trying to find games which everyone can play, however the number of titles that allow for more than 4 people is a niche that really could be filled. There's some good ones out there, 7 Days to Die, Arma, Foxhole, etc. but there's so much more room for other titles! Does anyone have any cool ideas for cooperative larger scale games?",1558923147
bmpbb6,First-Person cat game!,"I just played ""What Remains of Edith Finch"", which has a short stint where you play as a cat in FP view. It was amazing! I want a whole game in that style, with similarly amazing graphics and multiple endings based on your choices throughout the story, for example, starting out as a stray kitten, choosing where to sleep, where to get food, whether or not to choose certain humans, etc. It sounds like a lot of work for a cat game... Because it is. But I would bet thousands of other cat-lovers would adore such a game, and even non-cat-people might enjoy how the mechanics of jumping around as a cat would feel. Am I wrong? Is this a shit idea?",1557436070
bpt19v,How would you make a couch-friendly city builder?,"There is nothing like getting engrossed in a city simulator where you spend hours watching economies flourish and buildings grow out of the ground, only to have it all fall apart because you spent too much of your tax revenue on a train station/water treatment plant/iron mine/space port. The genre spans themes like *Dwarf Fortress*, *Banished*, *Cities Skylines*, *Surviving Mars*, but it always has a similar RTS-style, mouse-heavy interface. If I had one dream game, it would be a game that has a city builder's experimentation, but could be played on a couch with an XBox 360 controller. Sure, there are ports of these games that involve controlling the cursor with a controller (bleh), but the ideal game would be something with the intimacy of *Animal Crossing* or *Stardew Valley*, but a real economy has consequences from bad decisions. Let me see my town fall to ruin because I was too audacious with my bridge construction, or hear praise because there was a good harvest. I guess the closest parallel would be Dark Cloud 2, but that still involved a top-down view and there wasn't much of a ""wrong"" way to build the city. Also, I wonder if there could be a multiplayer component, so my wife and I can argue about whether we need to build more housing or save our resources in case of a disaster.",1558108646
bona09,Super simple mobile game that requires multitasking. Inspired by Guitar Hero and Color Switch.,"An image is worth 1000 words and a 20 sec video has hundreds of images, so I just made a super basic prototype and recorded it. [https://youtu.be/Q13Fwn1v6VY](https://youtu.be/Q13Fwn1v6VY) Appreciate any feedback on the core mechanic and any suggestions at all.",1557861731
bnaz48,Game where you play as a Dystopian Invesitgator,"As the title says, you play as an investigator for a fictional nation with a fascist/stalinist govenment. Your job is to hunt down and bring down the enemies of the state. You start off hunting for relatively harmless suspects, persons deemed unfit geneticaly, political dissidents, smugglers etc. As you gain more experience and reputation you are given more crucial cases like terrorists or resistance cells. The game would have a focus on reviewing files and documents (somewhat similar to papers please) to find out more about the suspects such as criminal history, political affiliacions, adresses, friends and family etc. As well as interveiwing suspects/witnesses and finaly arresting the perpetrator in a gritty pixel art 2D either top down or side view pespective.(perhaps something resembeling hotline miami but with a more serious dark theme) To complete your tasks you should be able to use intimidation, threats, blackmail etc. as well as have access to more tools and abilities as you progress, such as spies, surveillance or even torture if necessary. You should also be able to string your own questions, for example in a menu where you select a suspect and a location/time/other suspect etc. To keep the game from being too linear. The main theme is too be able to feel like a ruthless, intimidating detective such as Hans Landa from inglorious bastards.",1557573237
boe9e7,"[Request] ""Rage game"" idea?","Ok, apparently ""rage game"" is not an official term for this kind of genre, and if you put that phrase to a google/duckduckgo search they will output a game titled ""Rage"" (sigh); but I have seen some gamedev channels referring to the genre of games I'm talking about as that so I will use this term. The genre of game I'm talking about is the likes of _Super Meatboy_, _Getting Over It_, _Trap Adventure_, and all other games with that nuance: if you don't know those games above, they are all super hard and frustrating game, designed to make players want to 'rage quit' sometimes, but at the same time curious and fun. Now starting to learn Unity, kinda want to make a game like that; but I have no good idea so far as to what genre to take and what to twist to make it creative and fun. Any good ideas? Any ideas are ok - but preferably a 2D game. It can be a modification of any genre: _Platformer_ rage games like all the examples above, _SHMUP_ rage game just like but not limited to the _Bullet Hell_ subgenre, _Top down_ rage game, _Roguelike_ rage game, maybe _Visual Novel_ rage game if it's even possible? Anything. Please let your imaginations run wild.",1557809101
borcgs,Permadeath loot-based MMORPG,"I’m thinking like a modernized Realm of the Mad God, or an MMO permadeath Borderlands. The permadeath mechanic is challenging but addictive and a game like this would certainly fill a void for a lot of people. You have a character and your goal is to kill open world monsters and complete dungeons for gear. Enemies drop gear with varying rarity, including some super-powerful rare drops, if you die you lose all of your gear. Gear alone determines the strength of your character. A single use stat increase mechanic like ROTMGs is a possibility. 3rd person or FPS. Could be stylized in any way. Some cross-character progress would exist, but it should be minimal other than a vault that can store extra gear/loot.",1557882818
bntncm,Top down ability system?,"Hello, I'm currently building a procedurally generated dungeon crawler roguelike game in Unity. I'm using top down controls, however, I want there to be a large number of spells and combat depth in the game. With moba and rts you have virtually the whole keyboard for ability, however, since I'm using WASD controls I only have the 4 number keys and QE that are easy access. I need an ability system that is complex enough to require a learning curve but simple enough to fit in those controls. Any help would be appreciated!",1557692396
bm646d,TakeCover,A game where you hide underneath a dome shield that you can build and upgrade. Then a friend or you yourself press a button and have all sorts of different bombs fall on you to see if you can withstand the blast. Doesn't have to just be bombs either could be all sorts of projectiles launched in various ways. I've had this idea for a very long time.,1557326667
blhavu,"Game which mixes mechanics from M&amp;B, Ryse, and Dragons Dogma. Feedback wanted!","**""Expedition...""** A single player first/third person shooter RPG with platoon fighting mechanics. This game idea hinges on a few core mechanics. 1. The platoon fighting mechanic in a free to roam map. Which fairly similar to how you lead soldiers much like in Ryse and Mount&amp;Blade, where the soldiers are controlled in units and have fairly simple fighting skills/programming. In the midst of combat paus to open the strategic HUD, command them in ways such as: selecting stances, positioning, rush target. Just like in Ryse and MB the PC is an active participant in the fighting, taking the role of a powerful mage/commander who supports/heals/summons/debuffs/attacks during combat in a similar fashion to dragons dogma. The player is not always with his troops and can command them to hold a position or make camp, enabling the player to explore on their own. 2. Resource management in the field. Time - resting or spending too much time in one place is dangerous and allows your enemies to recuperate or attack you. Magicka/Mana has a limit recover over time, resting speeds up recovery. Soldiers, level up from experience and use their wages to buy better armor. Losing soldiers makes the game harder. 3. Huge open area levels. It may be one big open world or it may be several branched off levels connected by a campaign map. The purpose of the design is to fit multiple big battles and multiple ways to approach them all the while fitting main story narrative and diplomacy. While also containing, dungeon/landmarks and suitable encampments. Certain enemies move around the map, hunting or scouting. &gt;A make your own story version of this game could be quite fun and challenging with procedural generated environment and enemies. Every time the player starts a new game, it'd simply be a new expedition to an unknown world. But that's not the version I'm describing. 4. Faction diplomacy. 3-5 factions of different size that the player can chose to ally with or against at different stages if they fit the criteria. In order to divide and conquer. Areas conquered by the players force will either be given/shared with allies or taken for your own. Areas given or shared with other factions will slowly be repopulated with that faction. Over time increasing that tribes available military and reinforcements. **Setting** Set in a medieval fantasy world with themes from the ancient Rome, European folklore and the conquistadors. The aim is to give the player the sense of wonder of an explorer and the experience of a overpowered roman general with an undersized army campaigning in Gaul or Caledonia, constantly fearing attacks from hedonistic foreign barbarians with deadly strange magic and religion. But as the game progresses switch to offer a take on the fear that they Gauls held for the Romans and Indians held for the conquistadors. Story premise &gt;Your world is at war, a world where mages rule. Where slavery and human sacrifices is commonplace. An unforgiving enemy is steadily gaining ground. The only way for your people to survive is somehow find a way to halt the enemy's advance or find refuge beyond the their reach. Fortunately, a secret discovery has opened the way to a new world. The player is a junior mage part of expedition to this world. While little of this world is explored, scouts have reported sighting dangerous beasts, new flora and fauna, ruins of great civilizations and feral humanoid tribes. With the mission to explore and expand the player is assigned command over company of legionaries, specialist and skirmishers. &gt;**Main story objective** Will you uncover the means with which humanity can turn the war, or will you secure the exodus and the safe colonization of this world? **Mission** Missions are all part of different arcs in the story providing the reason for your expedition into that particular area of the new world and setting the main objectives. **Secondary objectives** * Explore dungeons while your troops camps outside the player explores the dungeon. Usually ruins, lairs or caves. Sometimes specialist, alien spell, or puzzles are needed to venture further. * Magical altars or Cursed places. Perform the correct ritual or lift the curse in order for rewards. * Establish mining outpost, research outpost or border fortresses. * Beasts are powerful monsters or magical creatures that won't be intimidated by numbers alone. When provoked they will defend themselves, if they are hungry they will hunt for dinner. Attacking another force whilst it is defending from a beast attack or leading a beast into an enemy waiting to ambush you can be very effective. Fighting them can be very dangerous without an effective strategy. * Intelligent enemies are mostly humanoid tribes of varying races that will organize to expel any invaders discovered by their scouts and will try to signal for help if attacked. They have their own mages. By mastering their language through magic and gaining an understanding of their worldview the player may gain an ally against a common enemy, information about the area, trade possibilities or just an edge over them in battle. You need to subjugate them or eliminate them. There are also more civilized factions that won't automatically attack unless provoked and with which the diplomacy is a bit more complicated. **Resources and objectives** * The most important parameter regarding enemies is time, beasts hunt and intelligent enemies scout while time passes, they will also get replenished over time. The more time that passes the higher the chance that the players expedition will be discovered and attacked. Only while the player is in dungeons do time stop for beasts and scouts. The players encampment can be attacked while player is away in ""Exploration"" mode. * Every soldier is sorely missing from the front and you must strive to achieve your objectives with as few losses as possible. Losing soldiers makes subsequent battles in a mission much harder and make manpower hinged objectives harder or sometimes impossible to complete. In the long run it decrease the quality of reinforcing troops, as the expedition leadership will not want to waste veterans to be your meat-shield. * Soldiers like living and will spend their own money and loot to buy better armor and weapon. * Seek out strange magical artifacts, materials, fauna, flora, beasts, ruins, languages and ruins on an alien world. Empower yourself and your troops from advances due to research of your findings. New gear, specialized tactics, new spells, dark alien rituals to grant you new power. * Gather intelligence and negotiate with newly encountered tribes, gang up on common enemies, enslave them and trade with faction you don't have the power to take from. * Some magic spells require sacrifices and your mission is utmost importance, use your troops or captured slaves in order to fuel your magic. * Your magic usage has its limits and while you are getting stronger, and you can supplement your own magical energy with that of sacrifices. You do need to rest between its use. * While encamped you can open a portal to the expedition headquarter to resupply, reinforce, change specialist and deliver your discoveries. However, opening a portal takes time, requires lots of magic - (especially if you don't have a sacrifice) that could have been spent on resting. Study new spells between missions and while encamped. * Time spent resting by the mage can be well spent by the different specialist in the team: Healers will heal troops, the rangers may reveal more bits of map decided by the player, acolytes may prepare more wards, summoning spells or captured slaves for spells. Beast hunters may prepare traps or investigate nearby monsters. Engineer build/repair structures or machines. **Marching mode** During the Marching mode, you command your platoon from your character on a floating dais in the center of column. But the mage is by no means locked to the dais, it is a vantage point and a ritual altar which enhances the mage capabilities and enables the usage of sacrifices. Determining the pace of the march and position of different units. For performance and simplicity's sake the legionaries fight in groups of 5 or 10, their function is to hold the line while the mage, bodyguard and specialists do the most killing. The ranged squad function is to take care of other ranged threats or large units. Together your platoon is capable of steamrolling armies several times it size. The mage if allowed is capable of creating huge golems out of earth or drawing twisted being into shape from unnamed dimension, summoning tornadoes and lightning storms. Creating walls of earth, ice, fire in order to control the battlefield. Wrecking havoc among his enemies while at the same time being able to empower his legionaries with inhuman combat abilities. Specialist can prepare traps, buff spells or enable special spells, heal and buff your troops. Sometimes you need stop in order to scry the area or allow the rangers to scout determine best route to take or how to best take an engagement. **Combat strategy** * if you need to stop and make camp (where to stop and make camp?) in order to rest, heal up and prepare certain spells or tactics. Will you need to create a huge earth golem to keep a big enemy occupied? Or will the enemy be susceptible to certain weapon enchantments on your troops? Perhaps the enemy has a lot of spellcaster and you need to ward you troops and prepare your own anti-magic user attacks? The downside being giving the enemy a possibility to scout you and attack you, rendering you preparations useless. The fun in this part lies in preparing for a huge scenario fight, while also taking a bit of a risk. The more time you take to prepare, the more risk you take. * Finding a good position to attack from and positioning of all the troops to hold the flanks. Placement of the supply wagons. * Try to kidnap an enemy, learn their secrets and try to play tribes against each other. I don't know what more to write, I'm just be happy if someone took their time to actually read all this.",1557174875
bmfey3,"A 2D Battle Royale, RPG style game","OK, so my idea is pretty simple. You get a couple of players, scatter them in a large labyrinth, and have them defeat monsters to level up, and then gain skill points that they can then spend on abilities to develop their characters. These abilities could be divided up into three tabs. Offensive - Defensive - Utility A player could even spent their points on making their existing abilities more effective. If enough time passes, the locations of all players in the labyrinth gets revealed. Of course, defeating a player would reap much better rewards than a monster, although I'm not sure exactly how much better would be \*too\* much better. &amp;#x200B; P.S.: Depending on how a character develops, their appearance could change.",1557375669
boqr67,Survival Game Ideas,"I am creating a 2D game in the same vein as Don't Starve, where the main focus is on survival. One of the big features I was looking to implement are ""disasters"". Every so often, a disaster (earthquake, volcanic eruption, troll migration, etc.) will occur and you'd better be ready. To help the player out, as the event gets closer signals will start popping up that will alert the player as to what disaster it could be. A smoking volcano could be a distraction, but if it's accompanied by a small earthquake or two and an increase in size it could indicate a real threat that must be prepared for a dealt with. &amp;#x200B; Let me know what you think and if you have any ideas or mechanics that would fit well in a game like this, please share!",1557879525
bmiizh,Permadeath MMO with pay-per-life system,"Idea: A simple-looking top-down 2d MMO that is a mix between survival, crafting, and classic MMO tasks. Taking some elements from Ultima Online and Runescape (a variety of skills, combat), and Minicraft/Minecraft (building things block by block, farming, etc.). The catch is that your player ages over time, while they build up skills, possessions, property, maybe a house, maybe a family. If you live a less-risky life - your character might live a month, and then die permanently. If you live a risky life, especially PvP, then you might die much sooner. Lives cost real money - something cheap, like $1-5. So effectively it's equivalent to a monthly subscription, except that risky players will play more. If you are killed by PvP without yourself being flagged as a murderer/criminal, then you get credit for a new character. I think this might be a good way to protect against PvP risk while also generating a little bit of money. Thoughts?",1557400776
bppht1,Mixing 'Braid' with a rogue-like first person shooter.,"Each level is a radial maze. When you move forward to the center, time flows forward. When you walk further from the center, time runs in reverse. A great way to undo mistakes but, your health heals in reverse when retreating, enemies come back to life and must be killed again etc. Perhaps upgrades found in chests are the only thing that you retain. What do you think? Could this work? Any further ideas?",1558088680
blxaz0,RPG set in ancient mythological Greece,"I would love to play a game where you start off as a Demi-god of your choosing, with branching skill trees depending on whether your father or mother is a god of Olympus. There is a wealth of amazing and bizarre stories to include; the player could follow Hercules in his trials, join Jason and the argonauts, follow oedipus and his pretty unsettling fate or phaeton and his train wreck of a driving attempt. In terms of feel, I would love a third or first person perspective, with a freedom akin to Witcher or Skyrim. It would be very ambitious, but you could make the world smaller and really polish and pack it with content. You could include all sorts of mythical beasts, terrorising towns, and follow a personal quest of some kind. It would be awesome if you had to actually fear offending the gods, with a mechanic that causes you to have some pretty terrible luck if you get on their wrong side. It would mean a weight to your decisions, and how to minimise impact on the gods and what that would mean for your future. I know people might mention Assassin’s creed odyssey, but my understanding is that that game is quite different to what I describe here. What do you think?",1557268612
bo7pj5,Rimworld meets Diluvion meets Waterworld," I know this is probably too long so please give me feedback to cut it if needed and where to cut it down to make it more manageable. No feedback is lesser, I want to hear it all: the good, the bad and the ugly. &amp;#x200B; **Inspiration:** \-Diluvion (Setting) \-Rimworld (Graphics/Management/Events/Economy) \-Faster than Light (Graphics/Items) \-Binding of Isaac (Items) \-Don’t Starve (Survival difficulty) \-Endless Space 2 (UI) \-Oxygen not Included (Oxygen/Gasses system) \-Metro/Fallout (Currency/economy) \-The movie Waterworld (Seeds and growable soil being rare resources) \*With “items” I mean the amount and/or uniqueness of items &amp;#x200B; **Genres:** \-Management \-Survival \-Base-Building \-Strategy &amp;#x200B; **Setting:** \-Underwater \-Post-Apocalyptic \-Steampunk (Ancient Technology) &amp;#x200B; **Graphics:** Simple but likable. Think Rimworld/Faster than light/Dig or Die Can be more involved, but this is not the key selling point. &amp;#x200B; **Key mechanics/selling points:** \-Lots and lots of content, loot and unique/rare trinkets. The base of the game and connected mechanics need to be made in a way that more loot/items can be added easily. You need to have that “HOLY SHIT I JUST FOUND THIS ITEM, IT’S SO COOL”- feeling that you can have when you play a RPG/Roguelike. \-Exploration: Done by a customizable sub which is a wreck, but it’s your most prized/valued possession. This is the main way of gathering loot. Secondary ways could include stuff like strainers on your base sitting in a stream. This doesn’t need to include real time strategics as the events and content are the main point, but stuff like real time exploration/combat would be cool if at all possible. \-Farming: Finding seeds/plants/growable soil is key to survival. They can partially sustain your food troubles, but you shouldn’t be able to multiply rare seeds. Your farm should also be customizable and with certain plants be able to change your oxygen production/usage. Seeds should also be really valuable when used in economy. \-Base-building: Should be more about adding and removing modules than physically shaping the base. You can change locations by refurbishing a wrecked/abandoned base that. \-Unique research: Instead of a classic research tree, you have parts of technology that you can loot which you can research. The more common survival research parts are easier to find and sell for less, the rarer ones can help you a lot in niche ways and sell for lots. \-Survival. The game needs to be centered on survival with wealth being a secondary objective. Oxygen-production being one of the main mechanics. &amp;#x200B; **Lore:** I have some ideas, but the gameplay is way more important right now. If interest is high I will maybe post some stuff. &amp;#x200B; This is a game I have been looking for, for a few years now. A lot of games just can’t seem to fully scratch my itch and I even considered building it myself because of how bad I want it. If someone likes this idea and wants to build it I would happily talk about it and consider putting time, effort (and maybe even money) in it myself. I’ll admit that I already have accepted for the most part that this game will probably never exist if I don’t create it myself, but that is life. You can’t have it all.",1557774441
bp4zzs,Island Experiment,"Hi guys. I know that this is a place to post game ideas and mine is far from a good idea. This idea I have put forth is indeed a very large idea and could take a long time to complete if done in the set idea i have. So if you can think of something to narrow this scale let me know too. The game is similar to a small MMO. I'm thinking more like 15-20 people max per playthrough. But I would appreciate if you have any criticism to not say ""This part is a bad idea"" but instead ""this part could be this instead of this"". Thank you all and I hope you like this idea. Pitch for game - We have all had the thought of how you could survive stranded on an island. Or what you would do if you and your buddies were stranded. Well in Island Experiment (actual name pending) you can try all of these ideas or come up with a whole new idea. Build an all for one and one for all society or every-man-for-himself chaotic world. The choice is not only yours but your other survivors as well. TL:DR - A game with a mixture of minecraft's diversity of creativity and building and the sims diversity of becoming who you want to be all in the context of being stranded on an island and having to create a new civilization. Its multiplayer so you have to work together to make everything work. In this game you and several other people find yourself stranded on an island with no known hope of rescue. You must all work together to survive. But the catch is that you have the potential to do many things: create a fully functional civilization, find a way off the island, survive until rescue comes(if it does), or kill off everyone so that you can take control of the islands many treasures and resources. But beware. Those same goals you have are the same ones everyone else has. Do you work together to a common goal or work apart and try to dominate the island as your own. Key features for the game would include: Multiple island versons. You may have an island with limited resources and space or an island with an endless supply of everything you need. Some islands have extreme climates. Some are pure tropical. Dangerous creatures inhabit the islands. Some are giant like Godzilla. Others could be a whole other tribe of cannibals. But all have a unique set of abilities that make surviving on the island difficult. For instance, there is only one single Kaiju on the island, but one sweep of its fire breath can wipe out your entire community you built. Do you find a way to kill the beast or create a living that conforms the creatures lifestyle. Such as living solely underground. Past the island part you yourself have unique traits. Start off as a custom character or a random character with different skill sets. You may be the guy who is good at tracking and finding food, or be the guy who has the ability to create machines to make life easier. One could go without the other but would in the case you don't make it off the island you may need that person. You must decide how you want to live. It was mentioned earlier but to extend on it some more, each playthrough has a different story so to say. Maybe you were on a ship that sunk or a plane that crashed or maybe something even more strange lead you to this island. Maybe the way off is waiting for a rescue. Maybe getting off is building a raft because the island you are on is not that far from actual civilization. But you and everyone else wont know. That is what you must figure out yourself. Maybe none of those things happen and you eventually all die off... or procreate and build a whole new society. All in all it would be a vast game. And more than likely it would be a long extensive game. Or even just a simple mod and map for minecraft that does it all idk. In this age of games that are all multiplayer and quick 10-15 minute matches I dont even know if it would sell. Thoughts and comments please. Or even suggestions or edits to the game.",1557961557
bm9xwj,Project Blackhole.,"Current name for a game I will work on soon, Project Blackhole. I think I will change it later on but i'm currently working up and summing up the storyline to start working on the UE4 engine. The game will probably be made for pc first (and maybe only) It will be a First Person horror game where you most of the time can't 'fight' back against certain enemies. **The Story** You're a guy that doesn't see the point of life anymore, your girlfriend broke up with you, and alot of other things demotivated you to die, so you tried to find a new interest, which became the space, you loved every single thing about it. In game, you wake up in your house with the tv on on a neesreport stating a 'random' and 'strange' activity in a well near 'X' forest, some scientists even think that this is a blackhole that far down the well and could be threat to us, so the police will 'cover' the well up tomorrow after fully observing it. You became interested, You want to see that, you want to experience that, if it was on you, you'd jump head first into that well to *die* just to take a few seconds inside or near a blackhole. The game starts here, you first need to find your flashlight somewhere in your house because you literally never use it so it's somewhere dusting up, after you get that you go outside, the well will be blocked tomorrow night, since in the morning they will do some more research around it to see how they coukd possibly destroy it. You live in a random house close to the town, so you first want to go to that town, and find your motorcycle which is in the garage, you left it there for some repairing. After you got the bike (not confirmed) you will 'bike' your way through some scenery to that forest which can't be accessed by a bike, anyways forwarding to you being in that forest, when you see that well, you stand up from the bushes, you hear police scream 'hey' and you just say fuck it, you run and literally dive in the well, seeing amazing scenery and somehow 'landing' on a WHOLE other place, I plan on making this the main hub of this game, It will be an island in the sky/space with beautiful scenery, a very quick night/day cycle (3/5 minutes) with some exploration to do, from a beautiful looking waterfall to some caves, everytime it turns night on the island some tiki poles and other source of light will magically lit up. You see that there are '4' pillars on a very huge bunker/temple circle blocking object in the middle, all those 4 pillars seem to have a holder on it, if you do something specific on the island which i'm not sure what exactly to do yet, you will spawn a 'portal' like thing infront of 1 pillar which showcases what it has to offer, my current plan is Ancient egypt on the first one, if you go there you will randonly be in Ancient egypt with day night cycle, having to find your own light source, like possible making fire and putting it in an unlit torch, to go in the temple to lit other torches. After ALOT of gameplay happens in the temple with ofcourse scary oponnents, you will be rewarded with the Golden 'statue' of RA. You get teleported back and place the statue on its respective pillars, and the next pillars portal shows up. After doing and finishing all 4 pillars in order you will open up the bunker, which Currently had nothing in it in my imagination, I'm not sure what else i'm going to do with it but it'll come eventually. The other 'places' I think you will go after Egypt is possibly a Pirate ship, Jungle, and something like that. One thing is FOR sure that i'm going to do and that is Space stuff, I will 100% let the player be on a vrry beautiful planet/moon but I currently have no plans for alot, Possibly a Moon like Titan and maybe even my self made up ones!",1557345359
bmqv43,Looking for game ideas,I am a beginner game designer and I need a simple idea of a game to make,1557444084
bmya2r,Rate my idea/description of my game!,"The project, also known as Legends Of Historia is going to be an upcoming game, hopefully coming to the steam store and wherever else I can get it off to. This game takes place in a alternative world with one great land surrounded by water. That great land is divided up into nine kingdoms in which each has their own ruler/representative! Inside of those nine kingdoms are two Royal Kingdoms which holds the Royal King Evelot and the Royal Princess Evelot! They rule over the great land as a whole. This world is filled with magic, monsters, and weird occurrences! The Clockworkers (our company) and I are currently working on our first two titles for the series! Legends of Historia: Birthright and Legends of Historia Loyalty. These two games will be centered around two different protagonists! Reanna Flowers for Birthright and Noah Greenwood for Loyalty! These two games will showcase these two hero’s working to make a better world! Reanna was the daughter of famous knight and a priestess who were massacred along with her kingdom. Noah was a poor orphan who lost his family but was then adopted into the crown as a protector. Despite any of that they all have a common enemy, the demon race. Creatures not native to the world who appeared a few weeks after a mysterious crack in the sky. They are the ones who lead the siege on Reanna’s home, killed her people and family. They are the ones who caused Noah’s kingdom to fall into poverty and orphan him! With that knowledge will what will you do? Will you ignore the cries of help that the people ask of you? Or will you take the challenge face on as Reanna and avenge your people. Will you look down on the weak and betray your people? Or will you take on the challenge as Noah and fight for the people!! That is the question Historia asks of you! Enter a magical medieval land, and rise to action in Legends Of Historia: Birthright &amp; Loyalty. Two games in one!!! But that’s not all! This will be a game that features a new type of party system! A system that allows you to play the game at your own pace, your own difficulty, and gives you your own experience!! Introducing, Optional Allies!! If you wish to do so you can get through the entire game as only Reanna or as only Noah but it’s the harder experience, or you can do optional but recommended side quests that will have you learn more about the characters you add to your party. There are many interesting people in the world of Historia from strong, powerful, skilled, and experienced fighters. For example, just by going to a simple tavern party you might learn something about about someone terrorizing a nearby kingdom. It could but me leading up to finding a potential ally a potential enemy. Having these allies can change your gaming experience from being extremely difficult to a much more balanced difficulty. That’s the main pitch for my future game but I tagged it as Meta because it’s actually planned to take place in our own world, let me explain. At the beginning of the game you will start off in an abandoned museum that your real life character Reanna has snuck into. Once she gets in she is trapped in there by the curse of the museum so with nothing to do she explores the museum and finds weird paintings that look a little too real, however she ignores it until she was among a painting of a portal and its illuminating the room. There’s a title for the painting that reads “Historia” and that’s where it begins, Reanna is standing in front of the portal and she enters the world. What this sets up is for my upcoming titles and future titles will all but connected and linked to this museum, and not only that Birthright &amp; Loyalty’s main theme is about moving away from your past and facing the future which I thought is actually something that lots of people struggle to make happen or do in our world today. ALSO I’D LIKE THE OPINIONS TO BE AS BRUTALLY HONEST AS POSSIBLE but of course don’t forget there’s no point in only bashing an idea so don’t just tell me it’s bad tell me if there’s something you’re confused about or if there’s something you don’t like and why and so on. Most importantly I want to hear",1557494805
boh83v,Boss Fight: Jump from collapsing platformers that the boss could dive into,"Had a dream of a cool boss fight last night. The boss was some sort of generic purple reaper/death dude and the player character was from Bubble Bobble (ehhh, maybe ignore them parts) The boss would fly across the top of the screen (left to right or whatevers), then do a teleport to the top of the screen directly above you and slash downwards into the ground (so you have to jump off the platform you're on. The collapsing platforms aren't like crumble blocks, they're more like Mario style Donut Blocks where they don't collapse until you've been on them a while... although in the dream they were like panels connected to a hinge that doesn't break until it has descended a little bit. Every few smashes I would assume the boss goes to the sides of the area so you can get some hits in... but that didn't happen in the dream. The method used in the dream was to stand on the platform for as long as possible so when the boss does their down-smash they fall through the floor. The timing for this was rather difficult, since as the floor descends before the break point it gets a little harder to jump out of it in time and the floor regenerates quickly... but if you managed to do it, it was a One-hit-win. Well, at least in the dream that's how it went. If I were to adjust it to be more practical I'd increase the time the floor is broken and instead of a death pit underneath I'd add spikes so that it's clear that this is just a risk/reward method of damaging the boss, rather than a sole gimmick.",1557830274
blsvms,Asteroid field spaceship multiplayer,"So it is like tanks or worms, but instead of tanks and land, you have ships in asteroid field, asteroids are moving, you can demage asteroids by shot and affect their movement, you have various weapons and bombs. It is multiplayer, where players are randomly sorted in to two teams. Every player has his own ship that he can modify. System tries to sort out both teams equal. It is top down view 2d mobile game.",1557247024
bmbsa0,Lost in Deep Space Horror game,"The game starts out with you on a lightly manned starship, one of the first starships with experimental new warp technology, doing a test flight. But things go horribly wrong. You run the test, the ship starts violently shaking, before rocketing you off at ungodly speeds. Absolutely impossible speeds like before you know it whole galaxies are receding from you. You blackout. You awaken, and do a life-sign scan. Everyone died but you. You check The computer for how far you travelled, it froze and stopped counting at around 600 million light years. You obviously have no idea how to get home, you’re just a pilot so you decide you have to find the bodies of the 5 other scientists and find their notes, it’s your only hope of trying to get a solution. As you go, out the window the stars start disappearing, until they’re all gone. Some of the ships walls start to cave in, causing problems and puzzles of things you have to fix. The ship is being enveloped by the main monster of the game, a giant invisible non-corporal entity. It can enter the ship sometimes and you can hear it and see it kick boxes, you have to hide from it. There’s other freaky shit that goes on as well. The ending of the game is that you have to communicate with the creature and strike a deal with it, where it’ll carry you home(or maybe to the nearest habitable planet). I have to admit the beginning part was inspired by an episode of Star Trek TNG. But getting rocketed across an entire universe is such a creepy concept I wanted to explore the scary side of it TNG didn’t cover",1557354359
bmfnql,"An Action/Puzzler where you play Mage/Gunner, who ""loads"" spells into the gun's chambers","Basically, you have a magic gun (which you can aim manually). You load these spells into your gun by putting in a button combination. More powerful spells will not only require a longer button combo, but will also fill up more than one chamber. Throughout the game you find new spells as well as upgrade your magic gun. Each upgrade will add new chambers to your gun. &amp;#x200B; As for the ""Puzzle"" element to it. I think that the game will be made up of traditional puzzles, but you will also fight enemies that need to be defeated in a certain way(Admittedly I haven't put much thought into what this ""certain way"" is), and bosses would be more extreme versions of this. &amp;#x200B; P.S. There could also be some kind of ""Enchanter"" that can modify specific chambers so that they slightly alter the spell loaded into it.",1557377304
bm2l3w,A game about managing a shop,"The core idea is that you are the owner and operator of a store. The player can choose different types and sizes of stores to run, though they will be fairly limited at the start of the game. **Concept** The shop is shown from a top-down perspective. The game is shown as a series of shelves, along with a checkout and the front doors. The player can designate items to go on each shelf for the customers to buy and you can only have a certain amount of items on a shelf based on their size. The player starts with what is essentially a giant room to build their shop into. They will need to designate a front and back, with the front containing shelves and checkouts and the back containing storage for items. They will also need to build front doors, doors between the front and the back, and a delivery area for trucks to deliver items to the shop. I could see it as similar to Megaquarium where the player can buy new space to allow for more front and back room. Customers are sorted into direct shoppers - who come in looking for a specific item/s, buy them, and leave - and browsers - who come in and look for things they might want, buy a few things and leave. Customers have a confidence level that is pre-generated. Customers with low confidence will go to a staff member to ask where an item is, which then raises their confidence level. Repeat customers have higher confidence each time and generally don't need to ask for help unless there are changes in the location of things they want to buy. To keep the shelves stocked at all times, the player is responsible for ordering new stock to replace sold stock. Stock comes on the second night after ordering the stock, though a rush order can be made at a higher cost which arrives that night. The player will need to keep in mind when ordering things that they will only have a certain amount of storage space, so if their offered items are too diverse they may find they are constantly running out of certain in-demand items. The items that are in demand could change each season to create more of a challenge. To stock the shelves, clean the store, run the checkout, and help customers, the players must hire staff. The staff have skills along the lines of stocking, cleaning, ordering, conscientiousness, checkout, and customer service that have ranks from 1 to 10. Stocking, cleaning, checkout, and customer service are basic skills. Conscientiousness and ordering are advanced skills. Skill progress is gained by the staff member engaging in the skill in question, meaning that you will need to make sure the staff member's job is varied to lead to well-rounded skills. I'll detail the skills below. &amp;#x200B; *Stocking (Basic Skill - No Requirements)* This determines the speed at which the staff member can move with items, how quickly they can stock shelves, and how many shelves they can manage. *Cleaning (Basic Skill - No Requirements)* This determines how fast a staff member can clean up dirt and grime, how quickly they can tidy a spilled item, and how quickly they react to spills and grime. *Checkout (Basic Skill - No Requirements)* This determines how quickly a staff member can scan items, how quickly they can bag the items, and how quickly they process the final sale - reducing potential line wait times. *Customer Service (Basic Skill - No Requirements)* This determines how well the staff member interacts with customers and how quickly they can take a customer to find the item they want. *Conscientiousness (Advanced Skill - 5 Cleaning &amp; 5 Customer Service)* This determines the staff members overall effectiveness. Staff members with high conscientiousness stock faster, clean faster, move faster, checkout faster, and are more proactive about their job. *Ordering (Advanced Skill - 5 Stocking &amp; 5 Checkout)* This allows a staff member to recommend ordering new products that have low stock. They will note when the stock in the back is running low and affix a tag to it that the player can see and then order. The level of the skill determines how quickly the tag is affixed and how many tags can be affixed at once. &amp;#x200B; This game represents more of a simulation experience, rather than a more active strategy experience. You could have many different potential stores with potentially hundreds of different items over time. This would be a game well-suited for Steam Early Access to give the developer time to add all the different items and store types.",1557303023
blbmv4,Need some ideas for a horror RPG game,"I'm currently working on a RPG Maker game which is Silent Hill-ish, instead of using cheap jumpscare but using atmosphere to make the game scary. The main plot of the game is the detective (aka M.C) after washing his face from a hangover, found out his town is in deep shit and he must find a way to get out of lift the curse (could be change later in the development), was thinking of the plot twist that is the M.C died and is actually in limbo. What do you guys think about it and please help me with your ideas. I'm really sorry for my bad English and thank you for any help",1557146269
bprfhx,A real-time 4X game about colonising new planets,"**Core Idea** The core idea of this game is that you are part of an ever-expanding empire and have been tasked colonising a new empire for the continued growth of the empire. **Concept** The player would start by choosing what empire they want to ally with for their new game. You could have empires with goals ranging from military, economic, scientific, manufacturing, trade, and environmental. The goals would range as follows: * Military empires want you to first establish yourself as a forward-operating base, and then as a fully established military production planet. * Economic empires want you to establish strong economies by exploiting natural resources and turning them into saleable goods to then trade with manufacturing empires. * Scientific empires want you to establish centres of discovery and learning to create 'scientific patents' which are then traded with other empires and used to improve your own empire. * Manufacturing empires want you to build a strong economy by importing primary products and producing high-end products to sell on to other empires. * Trade empires want you to create planets based on the turnover of products from one empire to the other - buying low from some empires and selling high to others. * Environmental empires want you to build a strong empire focused on creating a strong economy through environmental tourism and scientific research. Each empire would have to rely on other empires in order to produce their own goods and keep their economies strong. Some of the trading options - which will make up the core of the game - will be detailed below. * Military planets need to import production goods, primary goods, and patents. They export military goods. * Economic planets would need to import production goods, military goods, and patents. They export primary goods and fuel. * Scientific planets would need to import production goods, military goods, and primary products. They export scientific patents. Patents are different in that they can only be sold once to each empire but generate strong passive income. The more patents a scientific planet produces, the higher their passive income. * Manufacturing planets need to import primary goods, military goods, and patents. They export production goods. * Trade planets import and export all goods, taking what they need from imported goods. * Environmental planets are the most challenging. They must import all goods they don't otherwise produce, but generate a passive income (similar to science planets) from a steady stream of tourism based on their tourism index (a mechanic based on their growth). While any planet can produce any goods, which helps them overcome their native consumption, they are far superior at producing goods for which they are inclined from their empire choice. The difference between, say, an economic empire and a manufacturing empire is that an economic empire can produce fuel and primary goods with around 10 times the efficiency (goods/minute) than a manufacturing empire could. This makes trade a core mechanic in the game as a single planet cannot simply produce all needed goods, instead profoundly encouraging specialisation over generalisation. Each class of goods have 4 subclasses, as specified below: * Primary goods: Fuel, food, natural products (like wood and glass), and mined products (like oil and metal) * Military goods: Civilian ships, military ships, large (ship-based) weapons, and small weapons. * Production goods: Consumer goods, high-tech goods, industrial goods, and military goods. When in the game, the player would see their planet laid out in hexagons, each with an associated marker for things that can be produced there. They will need to first place a city on an ideal location and build from there. Once placed, population builds passively and can be 'spent' to create new cities. From the new cities, the player can place satellite cities on exploitable resources in order to exploit them. Once built, cities and their satellites can be upgraded for money to increase their production. Cities have needs that must be filled to keep their population growing strongly and to keep happiness high. A city that is lacking in a particular good will find their happiness and growth declining steadily until that need is filled. The player will need to ensure that one of their satellite cities are a spaceport to begin trading and players can choose which empire to buy which goods from and sell which goods to based on a constantly-updating graph showing the selling and buying prices for each good. Various disasters can affect prices, as well as how much supply (both from the planet and from automatically generated market forces) is in each empire's market. Players will have to keep an eye on the trade graphs to ensure they are constantly getting the most money for their products and are buying at lower prices. Players can hold a significant stock of each item, and so can withdraw purchasing or selling until more favourable trading conditions arrive to the market. Since any of the production empires can sell to any other empires, it will likely be favourable for them to switch on occasion to take up new opportunities in the market. As the planet grows, the player will need to create new cities and keep them upgraded and functioning. A lot of this is unlocked with research - although, the player can purchase patents which give them unique unlocks for their cities and can bring about better production. This is about all I have right now, but I may add more as I think of it. I hope it wasn't too long a post, lol.",1558100577
bm36vp,办加拿大毕业证+Q微405665716|制作文凭加拿大韦仕敦大学毕业证成绩单}加拿大大学文凭/offer/加拿大留信网认证Western University diploma,[removed],1557308212
bmb57c,Attrition,"FPS games have always been the king and always will be. Everyone wants to capture the gravity and realism of war yet most games are either classified as too casual or are very complex and require a lot of strategy and practice to master. What if you could marry the two. Concept - A game where each life matters as the sum total of your soldiers are pitted against the sun total of other factions you are fighting. A world war game. This can be fictional or you could recreate past wars. Liberties will be taken as the outcome of the war will be dependent up your success. What this entails is similar to the ever so popular Battlefront 2 of 2005. As a soldier you are inconsequential and play as a copy and paste soldier in a battle but you have a set amount of troops on both sides of the battlefield. Die and you switch to another soldier and lose a ticket for your team. There are infinite directions to go with this. The gameplay itself could be as realistic and graphically sophisticated as any developer was capable of and could employ squad movement tactics based on the soldiers around you at the time you were playing as a particular soldier or it could be set as a free for all. The goal would be to kill all of them before they killed all of you. The ai difficulty would obviously determine how hard this would be to accomplish. There are two ways to structure “winning “ in this game. Different maps would be created to signify conflicts all over the world and could be created in a massive quantity depending on the development power and scope of game desired, but essentially you would win battles to conquer landmass until you “owned” the world or you could have a sum total of soldiers for a country and depending on losses whoever runs out first wins. This makes your skill while playing as each soldier matter as each life counts and as a campaign or sandbox multiplayer would allow for infinite replay-ability. Custom matches and settings or mods. Developer map and weapon updates. You could even tweak the mechanics where I’m a menu system while navigating world battles you had to raise money to fund research and development or could build ships and air power to move into a region for strategy and advantage. So much could be done and you could take it or leave it, but at its core the gameplay would be what matters. The ambition level would be as simple as multiple maps to play on with a solid gunplay experience followed by the game’s ability to register and remember total soldier counts and make chess moves to have you attack or defend. It’s clear to see what all could be done with this but I feel that it’s a solid and unique experience. Let me know what you think.",1557351208
blr5n7,Not a average tank game,"I have a game idea, another tank game, except multiple people operate the tank, and the tank has a interior and you actually need to go outside for repairs and pop out of the hatch to see where you’re going, when one of your AI/Multiplayer team mates die, you can volunteer to take over their position, and you can also request to swap, if one of your team mates are being a asshole and not doing anything, your Unit commander can Yeet the person out of the tank and out into the dark void of no mans land, different timelines of tanks are available too, all tanks will eventually be implemented into the game, and you can also make and upload a tank design. Oh yeah also it’s a warfare game so it might even have more vehicles in it too, like bombers, and other cool warfare shit.",1557238210
bokl7x,Need an idea for Humanities service project game and how to get it out to the community.,For my humanities class we have to do a service project which typically means community service but I want to try and make a game to educate people about an issue. Problem is I can't figure out what issue to do the game on so I'm looking here for some suggestions. The other difficulty is when I asked him about this idea he says he likes it but I would need some way to get it out to the community and I'm not sure how I should go about that so again any ideas would be very helpful.,1557848715
bodc2a,Idea for SM64-style parody game on the Nintendo Universe theory,"I haven't slept for 2 days and I came up with this in the last couple of hours trying to find a summer project, so bear with me. I was just reading the Nintendo Universe theory, and I was pretty impressed by how in-depth it was. I figured that I could write up a narrative inspired by that (along with a variety of other philosophical themes) to delve into unconfirmed backstories of both obscure and mainstream characters in the Mushroom Kingdom (limiting it to this universe), but with a special focus on Luigi. This would be done completely for fun. I realize that if Nintendo were to gain knowledge of such a project, it would be shot down pretty quickly. As I mentioned in the title, this would be somewhat of a parody, so it would most likely use extensive use of models from the original SM64 game. I don't plan to pour my heart and soul into it, but I wanted to open up the idea for discussion. Let me know what you think.",1557803243
bps7nr,Video games about developers,"I'm working on a game idea where the protagonists are developers (RPG or visual novel, not sure yet as I only have the main story at the moment). I'm not aware of other games \*about\* developers -- do they exist? As a side note, I know there are games \*for\* developers (TIS-100 and Shenzhen I/O by Zachtronics), but I'm not referring to those.",1558104591
bng9d6,[IDEA] A Farming Game,,1557604585
boc8nd,"Time is the 3rd dimension, 2D/3D puzzle game","You're a 2 dimensional being who has learned how to travel into the third dimension. 2d beings experience time by just traveling through the z axis. So they'd see something live and die but in actuality they're just seeing snapshots of an object as it moves around in a 3D space. This video will help you understand better if the explanation wasn't clear:  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6kn6nXMWF0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6kn6nXMWF0) So this would be a puzzle game set in a 2D world that challenges you to reach a certain place at a certain time and in every level the only way to do so is by traveling into a 3D world that allows you to go back in time and traverse through obstacles. Every level should have a series of events happening independent of the player. The level exists within a limited time window. Like, the level has 5 minutes of independent events and then it's over. In the third dimension, these five minutes are just the z axis. So in the third dimension time does now flow, and you're allowed to travel in time and space by moving around the 3D environment. &amp;#x200B; This is the hook of the game. How the levels would actually be designed I've got no idea. Each level would have to be both a 3D object and a few minutes of little 2D critters moving about their lives. The biggest challenge would be in making both the 3D and 2D world look interesting and compatible. &amp;#x200B; I also know of Miegakure, a game about using the 4th dimension to solve puzzles. I think this idea sets itself because it is about traveling through space but also time, and it would make it all very visible to the player. You'd have a lot of freedom navigating the world, placing objects around the 3D and 2D planes, changing time and space, which would create puzzles of a different nature.",1557797005
bolsfy,Mario and Link Adventure/RPG,"[I got this idea on a whim, so don't expect a full idea] I have an idea in which Hyrule and the Mushroom Kingdom get fused together due to some sort of explosion/collision/something caused by both Ganon and Bowser (haven't thought that far). You go around as Mario and Link and you can switch between the two in a 1-player mode or you can play as both in a 2-player mode. There would be Mario and Zelda enemies. To beat the game you would have to undo the reason of the collision and beat an amalgamation of Ganon and Bowser.",1557854454
bpr9d4,Game that breaks 4th wall like Undertale?,"I really love Undertale. I love how it makes you truly connect with the characters and feel something towards them, so it’s genuinely upsetting when things happen to them. I also love how Undertale eerily breaks the 4th wall in ways that sent a shiver down my spine a few times. There are so few games like this, so I want to make one that has those components, and I am a developer. Though of course I want it to be unique and different from Undertale still. Problem is, I can’t think of any good ideas. I can’t think of a good story to serve as the foundation of my game. All I know is that I want it to break the 4th wall and have a few or all of the characters be aware at some point that they are in a video game and being controlled. I also want a story that would make the player connect with the characters, possibly having multiple endings and plot twists. Any ideas or inspiration? Any storyline ideas that I can work with? Let me know :)",1558099651
bm7rk7,An idea of VR horror game,"Hi, im totally new to the reddit thing + im not a native english speaker so sorry for any inconviniece :D I just have thought about the idea of game which will highly depends on human senses, especially sight and sound ( additionally the voice :) ) So the basic idea of the game mechanics is there would be two different states of playing the game, starting from ""the sound only"" - there would be no sight just pure black void infront of your eyes unless you make the sound, or surrounding sounds ( maybe some enemies/monsters/ other abominations) that would cause a sound wave ( echolocation thing ya know what i mean) would draw the outlines of everything around you or things that make the sound ( I think if the enemies could hear your sounds and would be attracted to them would be cool too) and then after some point in the game you would totally lose your hearing senses and slowly start to see, i suppose a game without totally no sound would be boring as hell but there could be some solution for that ( maybe some kind of distorted sounds or different types of static that would change to resemble the sounds ( So that im writing that i think the slow sense loss motive is cool too and may be used for hearing aswell) aditionally after maybe a second switch you would transport to a totally other place that could make the player totally distracted and confused.  Its just a raw thought i got, maybe you can use it somehow Thanks for reading, have a nice day/night guys :D \~Anderido",1557334863
bogd7k,Futuristic RTS game with time travel," The thing that would separate it from other rts games would be one building, the time machine. It uses a lot of resources, kinda like endgame wonders on other rts games, and when it is finished, the builder can put units inside it and send them back in time. It would probably work nicely with taking a random autosave of this session and just add the troops you send through, giving you a massive advantage over your enemy.  Just imagine, you are being rekt at the end of the game, being slaughtered by your opponent with no chance of winning, but manage to build a time machine at the last second and send whats left of your army to a save from 10 or 30 minutes ago and turn the tide. I'm just sitting here and thinking up of a whole bunch of other time related mechanics here now, tactical nuke that that destroys the object in all timelines at once ( like if it hits barrack, all units spawned by it die, because those barracks were made unexistant before the units were recruited, but also refunds the resources, because they were never spent) or a engineer unit with time dialation suit that can put him in other dimensions, like putting him temporarily in time before the game started, so you can move him to the enemy base location, maybe plant some bombs, than switch back to your time and then activate the old, now age rusted bombs. Could probably make the whole game with such mechanics, but would it be worth it / is it a good idea ?",1557824215
bpokbp,Fresh RPG Combat,"Hey! I am in the designing stages of a game using Unreal Engine with a small team. I have a story I'm quite happy with but the main issue is I want to add some freshness to the combat system. My most enjoyable combat experience in an RPG game has to be Dark Souls. However, it really seems like many other people feel the same way. Lots of games are taking the Dark Souls approach such as the indie game ""Ashen"" and I feel like it's going to start being difficult to stand out in any way, especially when huge games such as Sekiro are being released with brilliant teams. I know I want to do something similar to the combat system in Dark Souls or the Witcher 3. However, I am trying to figure out how to give the combat system a creative and fresh feeling. Does anyone have any suggestions? Some ideas I have thought of is a disarm mechanic, or an option to cancel animations if you drop the weapon you are currently holding. For example, a heavy attack with a large sword could be canceled if necessary to protect oneself if the user drops the weapon. These aren't fantastic ideas, but I'd love to hear what you guys have to say on the topic.",1558081121
bpse78,Rhythm shooter,"I have an idea I'm trying to implement myself but i now hit a wall. The level is a song playing (you should upload one of your songs) and I want my enemies to shoot on rhythm with the drum bass kick or snare, I tried many asset demos and functions but i couldnt get the output i needed. has anybody ever worked with beat detection algorithms and can help me sorting this out?",1558105465
bn9pkr,RPG Maker,"Im pretty sure this is the right place to ask, if not im sorry im a bit new here, but Im looking for a group of people who want to group chat it up, and build a game in rpg maker from start to finish, its a bit of a passion project of mine. This would mean I would like people who want to talk, plan, design, and create a game in this program with me. I think it would be very fun and hey, maybe our game will be great!",1557561989
bm5b1z,SunnyDays,"A game where you have great atmospheric music and enjoy your time in a world where you can craft anything and do anything. I dont know why but clearing weeds in an overgrown forest to build a house just sounds so relaxing to me. There could be any biome really. (Basically minecraft 2.0). But Much more realistic. Games like The Forest, Heat, Ark, 7days to die, the hunter call of the wild, and stranded deep are all in my head when I think of this game. You could dig underground tunnels, build realistic fences and walls, irrigation systems, many different types of houses, which you could build from the environment around you. A lot of games focus on crafting and survival but they don't go into depth like this game could. I only have some Java script and HTML programming, was hoping someone would see this post and think this might work.",1557322266
bm39zg,办加拿大毕业证+Q微405665716|制作文凭加拿大戴尔豪西大学毕业证成绩单}加拿大大学文凭/offer/加拿大留信网认证Dalhousie University diploma,[removed],1557308933
blg569,Can you come up with any ideas for a fun single player game that doesn't have any NPCs?,,1557169186
bmuula,留学挂科不能毕业怎么办办国外学历文凭办理多伦多大学毕业证Q微2026614433 成绩单 University of Toronto,[removed],1557469439
blpgdp,I had a dream where I was in a Hunger Games style fight to the death and running for my life and my first thought when I wake up is it’d be a good game.,"Like the most realistic Battle Royale ever made. It’d have to have VR, motion tracking, melee only, basically you should feel like you’ll actually die if you lose, sounds fun right? Maybe when graphics become as close to real life as possible.",1557227868
bpod35,Player-Driven Story,"Just a warning, this post is long AF. I don't want to take anybody's time so please don't read this all unless you can afford it. This idea is inspired by two things: - Isekai anime (where protagonist is put into a robust game world) - Minecraft factions servers (players forming guilds and collecting resources to control land) In Isekai, NPCs are portrayed as sentient beings with their own free will. They handle everything from issuing quests to running government. So I thought ""what better way to make players feel like they're living a second life than to replace the function of NPCs in a sandbox game with players?"" I come from a minecraft background so I know that 50-player servers can get pretty intimate and you make friends with the regulars pretty quickly. The problem with minecraft town/faction servers is that the game doesn't have dedicated mechanics to let players create towns/factions (it's all done through server-side plugins and text commands) AND there is no motivational structure in place for players to create a robust world similar to Isekais. Instead, faction recruiting is usually done through spamming global chat instead of it happening through encounters between players in the world. Everybody is quick to kill on sight and factions have no incentive to work together other than to defeat a rival faction. Factions have no incentives to become rivals in the first place other than ""that's the gamemode"". Within a faction, you can't damage your own teammates, you can't leave a faction without everybody being able to know, and you typically literally can't step foot in another faction's territory. Finally, a player can survive perfectly on their own. There are more problems with minecraft factions that prevent an organic world from developing, but I wanted to keep this brief. My dream is a small 150-player fantasy world with perma-death, AI enemies, pvp always enabled, a leaderboard, and a player gameplay ecosystem (the rest of the post will explain what this is). To get more powerful, some will spawn kill noobs, betray, scam each other, and do other vile acts using the same motive that people in minecraft factions use to kill on sight. They'll naturally need to do this to reach the top of the wealth leaderboard that everyone sees in loading screens and everywhere else we can possibly put it. &lt;-- this is the big obvious goal to help players who can't find their own goal. The world will be brutal: Food, water, and shelter will be nececary to survive. Weather and biome will drastically affect what resources can be grinded for and what AI enemies will spawn. The key is that different classes will craft, collect, and resist the elements in EXTREMELY varrying levels of efficiency. &lt;-- an incentive for players to not kill each other on sight and to trade with each other. Surviving without taking advantage of another player will be comparable to playing Don't Starve in its highest difficulty. Eventually, someone's gonna realize that they'll stop dying if they work together. And they'll defend each other's lives from the evil players and horrors of the world... in PERMA-DEATH. The intensity of every encounter with a player or monster will be multiplied by the chance of it being their last. Not just the fear of death, the fear of not being able to play with the new friends they just made. And collecting resources will be loomed by the suspense of not finding enough. For enhanced immersion: all chat will be local unless the player has an item or skill capable of letting them use global chat (like a passive communication spell or crystal ball). To further incentivize player cooperation, everybody will have something that cannot be stolen on death, their skills. A player's skill tree can gain the nodes of skills that other players have used near them after a while. This way, factions can be notorious for having signature skills (ex: everybody in that faction is good at harvesting wood) if they have enough active players who, through class choice, usage choice, or through the slight randomization in player's initial skill trees, have exposed their teammates to their skills (ex: like woodcutting). Learning is faster when players are outside of combat, not in danger, in good health, near training dummies (a craftable item) and looking at the teaching player. This way, players can teach one another skills as a bargaining token or to increase the survivability of their teammates and, thus, their own survivability. Naturally players will build towns to be near one another. Monsters will attack locations with an increasing number of players. They, unlike in minecraft, can all break buildings (which are nececary to survive the elements), steal resources, and trample farmland. Since they threaten everybody's survival, it makes sense for players to build defences and have disputes over who invests the resources to do so. The monsters who invade won't be random. They'll come out of the nearest dungeons or dens and anything added to their inventory will stay in it if they escape players. This gives players an incentive to go on their own quests for reasons other than loot. And to destroy a den, a player must break their nest. The nest is a peaceable item that lets monsters spawn and places itself if left on the ground... Some defences (that are indented to be used to defend towns) and endgame items will require copious amounts of resources to produce. This means that, if a town wants to get more powerful, it will be unsustainable to keep everybody's finances separate. This is where creating a faction comes in. One purpose of factions is to make it easy for players to have a small government. Within a faction, the leader can assign ranks and privileges to those ranks like a simplified discord. A faction can have its own spot in the leaderboard alongside solo players as long as it's treasury has been marked as a container somewhere in the world. There is no official ""territory"" but players can decide what territory they consider theirs when getting into disputes with other factions. To mark places for various reasons, they'll need to craft decorative items like banners. And a faction is the only way to achieve long-distance communication without an item or skill via the faction info screen. It can written by the leader and only viewed by members of a faction. What'll probably happen is that some form of rules and procedures will be written on the info screen. With so many incentives to work together, would anybody ever play evily? I think loads would. It's just human nature to want to do something like that in a hardcore environment and the problem is magnified by the ""no real consequences"" nature of playing a videogame. Even if a server evolves into well-established towns and cities, this would only make being a villainous player more aluring because there wouldnt be the immediate need for survival. Imagine the stories that could come from this game:  - evil organizations trying to take over towns.  - heists.  - saving noobs from spawn-killers to increase your faction's population.  - going into an enemy base, stealing their nests from storage, and planting them inside their own headquarters.  - saving a nearby town from monster attacks and putting them in your debt.  - a mobile faction is created that lures its lower-ranking members into a false sense of security before killing them, a scam.  - entering a tavern to regenerate health and mana for a low price while joking with your party about the raid you were just on.  - owning a potion store and haggling with a customer.  - getting into disagreements within your faction and with other factions.  - encountering a player while fighting for your (perma-death) life in a challenging boss battle and becoming friends afterwards Does this sound like an Isekai to you? This game could probably be made within the same time span and amount of content as current minecraft + a few mods. None of these stories will happen as a part of a campaign. They'll naturally arise from a player ecosystem and will feel more real, memorable, and special than any single player experience could possibly be. I haven't touched on combat or other fantasy elements because those aren't the core of what's unique about this idea. Obviously, I'd like an innovative efficient combat system but the game could even work with the pathetic minecraft combat. Whats equally important is that players have things to do other than combat so they have something to fight for and to breed stories that aren't entirely related to death. Ex: minecraft has unpractical stuff like redstone, cakes, and minecarts. This is a nececary sacrifice to making it feel like a world and not a game. note: this is foremostly a fantasy RPG, NOT a casual sandbox. I hope you see the potential in this game and steal the idea for yourself (if u do, pls say so I can get excited). I'm in love with it if you couldn't tell. Other dreams I have of what could happen in this game with a little more content and a lot of player actions:  - Someone finds a relic that summons a dragon with their name. It ravages towns and players share information to track it and stop it. - A high level player casts a spell to prevent player deaths in a specific area. This area is now used by players for risk-free pvp. Someone, during a tournament, breaks the spell. Who did it?  - There is a fountain that can resurrect dead players for a cost but it's in an opposing faction's territory. Your faction wants to resurrect it's leader but there are members who would prefer to assign a new one.",1558079431
bmuyyo,留学挂科不能毕业怎么办办国外学历文凭办理多伦多大学毕业证Q微2026614433 成绩单 University of Toronto,[removed],1557470419
bm2juo,"办UCI毕业证/美国文凭【Q微208319974】办加州大学尔湾分校毕业证成绩单 (University of California, Irvine)",[removed],1557302707
bnwlto,Mad gods and heroes,"Firstly, full credit to u/spiderbabyinapram (here's a link to the post with their comment: [https://www.reddit.com/r/Minecraft/comments/bntr12/you\_know\_minecraft\_must\_be\_terrifying\_from\_a/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Minecraft/comments/bntr12/you_know_minecraft_must_be_terrifying_from_a/)) &gt;I always wanted a game where you were just a character going about their business while the big 'hero's' story plays out around you, and you can choose to get involved in a very low key way or just try to survive as normal. But after reading this I'm thinking I'd probably rather not.",1557709176
bobv6h,"Top down, stealth, enemies have realistic senses but in each level they lack one sense completely.","Gameplay inspired on the first Metal Gear Solid. Top down view, lots of information about enemy sight/hearing range provided to the player. Lots of creative interaction between player, items and environment. &amp;#x200B; Setting could be something like an eastern monastery filled with Kung-Fu monks. Every stealth game I've played to this day, no matter how enjoyable, had enemies that didn't realistically see, hear or communicate. This is so the game is fun of course, but it also occasionally clashes with the sense that you're actually sneaking. So how to get around that? Let's see. &amp;#x200B; *Note: for sensitivity sake, none of the enemies need to be actually blind or deaf. They instead choose to keep a vow and deprive themselves of a sense/capability. Keeping up with the theme, the player's vow is to not ever take a life*. &amp;#x200B; Levels listed in an order that increases both difficulty and novelty &amp;#x200B; **Blind level** Challenges: * The level is littered with traps, both deadly and to alert of your presence. * The monks carry a bell that allows them to recognize each other from footstep sounds. * Remember, enemies communicate a lot, so they'll ask you to identify yourself, failure to do so causes them to alert as many enemies as possible. * They have set up ropes around the level to guide them quickly. * They're armed with spears to keep foes at range. * They move in pairs and fight back to back. Overcoming them: * Observing monks to learn where traps may be * Stealing a bell to help you pass as a monk. * Moving objects to block their designated paths. * Acquiring a cutting object to cut off their rope paths. * Acquiring ranged weapons to attack them. &amp;#x200B; **Deaf level** Challenges: * The most conventional stealth level, enemies have great line of sight and will chase you down relentlessly, they use any weapon type. * Enemies can't communicate through sound but will communicate through sight, coordinating their movements and being patient. * Enemies have set up almost foolproof surveillance. It should look impossible to get through. * Enemies deny your hearing advantage by setting their monastery close to a waterfall and/or ringing loud gongs occasionally. Overcoming them: * Luring enemies out of their position and increasing chaos. Stealth games are all about watching things collapse into disorder as you screw up. In this level, that would be the optimal strategy. Get enemies out of their positions and circle around them the best you can, they won't hear you running. * Negate their visual communication with smoke bombs or heading into areas with many line of sight obstacles. * Anger them (throwing rocks at them, for an instance) into not waiting for their allies. * Sabotage their means of causing loud sounds, they won't know it won't work. &amp;#x200B; The next two levels aren't a sense but they still fit the theme that an enemy is deprived of a basic skill: &amp;#x200B; **Immobile level** Challenges: * Enemies cannot leave their position, so they've taken the high ground and favor ranged weapons. * Enemies control doors and traps around the level from their position. * Enemies have once again set up a very tight surveillance but unlike the deaf level, they can also communicate and hear you. Overcoming them: * Place objects in front of their view position, so they can't see who's behind it. * Sabotage their machineries so they won't work. * Procure something that can be used as a shield against their arrows. * Make them line up their attacks so they attack each other with ranged weapons, they won't be able to dodge. &amp;#x200B; **Mute level** Challenges: * Similar to the deaf level, tight security, but now enemies can communicate through sound, such as ringing bells. Overcoming them: * Same tactics as in deaf level, but now also ring their bells on purpose to attract their attention. &amp;#x200B; In all levels, the sense of smell should play a role. Wind direction and the places you crawl through influence enemy smell detection. &amp;#x200B; The story could be something like, the monks are training you and now you need to finish the levels to prove your skills. Even though you have a vow to never take a life, I guess the game shouldn't reinforce that so strictly. Perhaps if you kill someone and nobody ever finds their corpse, you're allowed to continue. This could interfere with the ending you get.",1557794967
bozpsc,"I have this huge touch screen and a Kinect, what cool stuff could I develop?","So basically, at work (dev company) we have this big-ass touch screen sitting vertically on the conference room (about 190cm, 75''), and it's always turned off. We also have a Kinect camera forgotten on a shelf. So... I was wondering what simple and cool stuff could I develop (w/ Unity) for this thing, something visually interesting or fun that doesn't require me to have good artistic skills x')",1557936019
bpj727,Colorful 4D shooting game.,"So the game is pretty basic, it is just normal shooting game, but it is 4D. Position of object inside 4th dimension is determinded by its color. The 4th dimension is circular, as color space. Player can move in color dimension by changing color by wheel on mouse. Basically, you can not go through object of same color as you, if there is blue wall, you can go through if you are blue. The wall can go gradiently from one color to another as it is diagonal. Alternatively mouse wheel does not determine your position in color dimension but rather your orientation same as mouse is used for turning. You need to coordinate movement of mouse and mouse wheel to determine overall orientation in 4d space. Still you can see your color to know your position in color dimension. I See most players would not understand this, but you really dont need to understand this, you just need to intuitively know how to use it, and you would know, as it is same, as you use for movement in 3d games but you have aditional control on mouse wheel. Also all colors are kind of transparent, you can see through things, but if things are of such position in 4d space, that you should not be able to see it behind, than the thing is not to be seen behind. Whole game is set in labyrinth and is multiplayer.",1558046211
bpjtul,Terran Pexeso - Game idea inspired by dream,"So i woke up with strange dream: It seemed that after death, all people reunite with God to play a game called Terran Pexeso, it was some kind of pexeso based on Earth. The idea was pretty important for Rosencrucian and Templar Knights, they had their own ideas about Terran pexeso. I feeled like it has to do something with verses in bible about Haven Jerusalem, the haven version of real world places is pretty common trope among religion. So it seemed to me that it is something like people with God play this to create new world and enjoy the creation. This was dream... But after that I had some idea for games based on pexeso, which are not really related to the story. &amp;#x200B; exeso game mechanics: So basicaly you play this game same as pexeso, but instead of taking the pair, if you discover one, you just mark it with token. When turning the cards, one of the card must be neighboring the other card you have marked. There is one aditional pair, those two just determine starting position of both players. So both players are turning cards trying to found pair, but they really can turn and mark such pair of card, that at least one of card is neigboring your allready marked card. Your goal is to capture more cards than your opponent, but you need to take care to not to get surounded. You can mix the rules with rules of go. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Go\_(game)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Go_(game)) Your goal and point count in the end is same, but you take pair in the way written above. Alternatively, you can mix game with tic tac toe. Ït is abstract strategic game that includes memory and also chalanges you in strategy of observing your oponent and revealing your position. When you uncover card that neighbours you, your opponent also see it.",1558049685
bmfdne,Reverse gamebook,"So this game heavily relay on story. You are a human, who experiences time backwards, you interact with normal world and you make decisions that affect story, but instead of defining end of the story, you wil define its start, but it is end in your persepctive. Perhaps you are just time traveling agent. If you travel back in time you make certain decision but no matter which decision you make, it ends up that you cant change future and it just always seems like all what you have done in past was just that caused what is in future and you try to change. You find that you cant change future, and this true because it is even core game mechanics, that future is your past that is given and you can just make decision on past that is your future but even then actually at the end you realize that no matter you cant change future, you can redefine it. You will find that not only any thing you do is in place to confirm future, but even than you have freedom of choose and when you choose something you redefined future, because for example you cant undone what will happen but you can put it in such a perspective that it will not be seen as such tragedy and would seem there is a hope.",1557375426
bmjbmc,A Singleplayer Adventure,"The premise of the story is your in the future, you are the youngest of five siblings and you have just became old enough to join the family business of mercenaries. However, on your first mission, you get word that your family is being targeted so you decide to find them and gather them wherever they may be. ~ Your first tutorial mission is to assasinate a mob boss on his way to another planet. Within this mission, you chose your class (warrior, gunman, assasin, techmage, or brawler), but you start with a basic sword and gun until you get to chose it,and your siblings will end up being the other classes you don't choose. You board the enemy ship and sneaking around you find a chest full of masks/cloaks/helmets and you get to cholse which one your character will wear for disguise throught the game. Your first objective after choosing a helmet will be to hide because the boss and his 2 underlings are about to enter and while you are hidden, your hear them say that they are after your family. You somehow get slotted (havent thought of that yet) and the boss sends his underlings on you. One is a big brute and the other is a slippery gunsman. After you kill the first on he drops an item and you chose which class you wish to be. The second underling gives you your first level. The boss ends up beating you but you manage to slip away into an escape pod and head to the planet your first sibling is on (the only one whose whereabouts you know). (End beggining scene) ~ Classes: Warrior - big sword and indestructable shield with a focus on strength. Gunman - focus on guns whether they be full auto, pistols, or snipers. Focus on agility. Assassin - uses cloaking technology to dissapear and reappear at will with daggers and a focus on agility. Tech Mage - uses multiple tech to preform feats such as lighting, fire shooting, and telekenesis. Focus on intellefence. Brawler - Focus on heavy punches and deadly kicks as he storms through enemies. Focus on strength.",1557405727
bm2ulq,加拿大学历如何办理【大学未毕业帮你拿毕业证】办理多伦多大学毕业证Q/微2026614433 多伦多大学毕业证 成绩单 University of Toronto,"办毕业证,咨询微/Q:2026614433，办理毕业证,毕业证书,哪里可以买到假文凭？哪儿能做假文凭？哪里有做假文凭的？哪里有假文凭卖？假文凭会被­查出来吗？假文凭会查吗？假文凭怎么查？假文凭识别的方法？哪里可以买国外大学文凭？­国外假文凭可以认证吗？留学生回国找什么工作好？海外留学归国求职怎么办？办理海外留­学假文凭找工作？ 办理澳洲大学文凭、办理美国大学文凭、办理加拿大大学文凭、办理英国大学文凭、办理德­国大学文凭、办理马来西亚大学文凭、办理新加坡大学文凭、办理新西兰大学文凭、办理日­本大学文凭等以及办理海内外各大院校文凭。 招聘中介校园代理：本公司诚聘各地代理人员以及留学生，报酬丰厚，如果你有业余时­间，有兴趣的话可以联系我，我们会给您优厚的回报！【学历认证顾问QQ微信2026614433】 办理英国文凭，办理美国文凭，办理加拿大毕业证，办理澳洲毕业证成绩单，办理新西­兰学历，办理新加坡毕业证成绩单，办理德国毕业证成绩单，办理法国毕业证成绩单，办理­荷兰毕业证成绩单，办理意大利毕业证成绩单，办理奥地利毕业证成绩单，办理日本毕业证­成绩单，办理韩国毕业证成绩单等各国大学的文凭学历。【学历认证顾问QQ微信2026614433】 &amp;#x200B; 本公司专业为留学生解决以下问题： 一、办理假毕业证在国内能用吗? 挂科拿不到毕业证怎么办? 毕业证丢了怎么办 没有正常毕业怎么办 办理海外大学毕业证 没毕业可以办学历认证吗 您是否因为中途辍学、挂科而没有正常毕业 您是否因为递交材料不齐而被拒之门外 您是否因没正常毕业而导致回国得不到教育部认证 在校挂科了不想读了、成绩不理想怎么办 找工作没有文凭怎么办 办理本科/研究生文凭 有本科却要求硕士又怎么办办理本科/硕士毕业证 网上买文凭可靠吗 买国外文凭质量国外本科毕业证怎么办 办理国外大学文凭 高仿真制作办国外文凭可找工作 怎么办理国外假毕业证 哪里可以制作毕业证美国 哪里可以办理毕业证澳洲 哪里可以办理毕业证 留学生在哪里买毕业证 加拿大哪里可以办理毕业证 诚信办理毕业证 申请学校办理成绩单 办理水印成绩单 办理悉尼大学成绩单多伦多 办理成绩单修改成绩单GPA修改成绩单分数 办理多大成绩单如何拿到国外毕业证快速拿到国外文凭快速办理国外毕业证假毕业证能查出­来吗 假文凭网上能查到吗?【学历认证顾问QQ微信2026614433】 二、 我们对海外大学及学院的毕业证成绩单所使用的材料，尺寸大小，防伪结构（包括：隐­形水印，阴影底纹，钢印LOGO烫金烫银，LOGO烫金烫银复合重叠。 文字图案浮雕，激光镭射，紫外荧光，温感，复印防伪）都有原版本文,凭对照。质量­得到了广大海外客户群体的认可，同时和海外学校留学中介， 同时能做到与时俱进，及时掌握各大院校的（毕 业证，成绩单，资格证，学生卡，结业证，录取通知书，在读证明等相关材料）的版本更新­信息， 能够在第一时间掌握最新的海外学历文凭的样版，尺寸大小，纸张材质，防伪技术等等­，并在第一时间收集到原版 实物，以求达到客户的需求。 基本操作流程如下： 1.客户支付30%的制作定金！ 2.收集客户基本信息，公司开始制作电子图给客户审核，确保信息无误！ 3.客户支付完余款，根据客户审核后的电子图制作成品再次给客户审核！ 4.公司把成品邮寄给客户！（国内顺丰 国外DHL） 5.及时删除客户资料，以保证信息安全！ 专业为您服务如有需要咨询：【学历认证顾问QQ微信2026614433】 三、特别关注：【业务选择办理准则】 1、工作未确定，回国需先给父母、亲戚朋友看下文凭的情况 、只需要办理一份文凭。 2、回国后选择的工作单位性质为中小型私营企业、外企、家族企业、创业者也可只需­要办理一份文凭，因为这些单位是不查询毕业证真伪的，而且国内没有渠道去查询国外文凭­的真假，也不需要提供真实教育部认证，鉴于此：办理一份毕业证成绩单即可。 &amp;#x200B; 3、回国进国企、银行等事业性单位或者考公务员的情况 办理一份毕业证成绩单，递交材料到教育部，办理真实教育部认证 很多同学在面对本科无法毕业时，都是非常的迷茫，不知???道该怎么办，甚至不知道怎么给家人交代。毕竟家人在自己身上注入了太多心血，有的家庭甚至是倾注了全部心血在自己的留学路上。因此本科没有毕业的结果给很多同学带去非常大的压力，甚至有的同学还因此抑郁。 但是，纸保不住火，这件事情迟早家人会知道。我们的身体会生病，那么我们在留学期间，留学也可能会生病，这个病不是真的病，而是留学遇到的困难。困难小能够自己解决，但是困难大，还是得让家人知道，一起想办法。齐心协力，解决问题。",1557305427
bm2p84,加拿大真实使馆认证/曼尼托巴大学毕业证咨询Q微信790042814买加拿大学历文凭曼大UM毕业证成绩单本科硕士学位证/留信网认证/真实学历认证/回国人员证明/教育部留服认证University of Manitoba毕业证成绩单,"**加拿大真实使馆认证/曼尼托巴大学毕业证咨询Q微信790042814买加拿大学历文凭曼大UM毕业证成绩单本科硕士学位证/留信网认证/真实学历认证/回国人员证明/教育部留服认证University of Manitoba毕业证成绩单**&lt;如删除请点开网页快照&gt;Q微信790042814办理毕业证成绩单、留信网认证、真实使馆及教育部学历认证（诚招代理）（网上可查，实体公司，专业可靠） 【新鑫教育咨询实体公司】留学生归国服务中心面向美国英国澳洲加拿大留学生提供以下服务: 1.毕业证成绩单/留信网认证/使馆认证/教育部认证/雅思托福成绩单/学生卡。 2.留信网认证(留学生入职、提干、定岗、加薪、升职、评定等级是使用) 3.真实使馆认证(即留学回国人员证明,不成功不收费) 4.真实教育部学历学位认证（教育部留学服务中心、官网永久存档可查） 5.办理各国各大学文凭，从防伪到印刷，从水印到钢印烫金，与学校100%相同。 6.一对一专业服务,可全程监控跟踪进度。 —————————————————————————————————— 如果您处于以下几种情况： ◇在校期间，因各种原因未能顺利毕业,拿不到官方毕业证 ◇面对父母的压力，希望尽快拿到； ◇不清楚认证流程以及材料该如何准备； ◇回国时间很长，忘记办理； ◇回国马上就要找工作，给用人单位提供； ◇企事业单位必须要求办理的 ◇需要报考公务员、购买免税车、落转户口 ◇申请留学生创业基金 —————————————————————————————————— 办理假毕业证在国内能用吗Q\\微信790042814挂科拿不到毕业证怎么办Q\\微信790042814毕 业证丢了怎么办Q\\微信790042814没有正常毕业怎么办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814没毕业可 以办学历认证吗Q\\微信790042814您是否因为中途辍学、挂科而没有正常毕业Q\\微信790042814您是否因为递交材料不齐而被拒之门外Q\\微信790042814您是否因没正常毕业而导致回国得不到教 育部认证Q\\微信790042814在校挂科了不想读了、成绩不理想怎么办Q\\微信790042814找工 作没有文凭怎么办Q\\微信790042814办理本科/研究生文凭Q\\微信790042814有本科却要求硕士又怎么办Q\\微信790042814办理本科/硕士毕业证Q\\微信790042814网上买文凭可靠吗Q\\微信790042814买国外文凭质量Q\\微信 790042814国外本科毕业证怎么办理Q\\微信790042814国外大学文凭高仿真制作Q\\微信790042814办国外文凭可找工作Q\\微信790042814怎么办理国外假毕业证Q\\微信790042814哪里可以制作毕业证Q\\微信790042814美国哪里可以办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814澳洲 哪里可以办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814留学生在哪里买毕业证Q\\微信790042814加拿大哪里 可以办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814诚信办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814申请学校办理成绩单Q \\微信790042814办理水印成绩单Q\\微信790042814办理悉尼大学成绩单Q\\微信790042814多伦多办理成绩单Q\\微信790042814修改成绩单GPAQ\\微信790042814修改成绩 单分数Q\\微信790042814办理多大成绩单Q\\微信790042814如何拿到国外毕业证Q\\微信790042814快速拿到国外文凭Q\\微信790042814快速办理国外毕业证Q\\微信790042814假毕业证能查出来吗Q\\微信790042814假文凭网上能查到吗 国外文凭成绩单留学回国证明毕业证成绩单qq微信790042814咨询毕业证样本|办理本科文凭｜硕士毕业证|代办国外高仿文凭毕业证国外文凭成绩单留学回国证明毕业证成绩单qq微信790042814咨询毕业证样本|办理本科文凭｜硕士毕业证|代办国外高仿文凭毕业证国外文凭成绩单留学回国证明毕业证成绩单qq微信790042814咨询毕业证样本|办理本科文凭｜硕士毕业证|代办国外高仿文凭毕业证 ——————————————————————————————————",1557304053
bm30tj,留学不能毕业如何拿到文凭办理约克大学毕业证Q/微2026614433 约克大学毕业证 成绩单York University,"办毕业证,咨询微/Q:2026614433，办理毕业证,毕业证书,成绩单,毕业证,学历认证,真实可查教育部认证,毕业证,美国毕业证,美国文凭,澳洲文凭毕业证,英国毕业证,英国文凭,加拿大文凭毕业证,新西兰毕业证,法国毕业证,德国毕业证,真实毕业证,高仿毕业证,美国大学毕业证,澳洲大学毕业证,新西兰毕业证,英国毕业证,真实毕业证，高仿毕业证，美国大学毕业证，澳洲大学毕业证，新西兰毕业证，英国毕业证。 留学挂科怎么拿到毕业证？不能毕业如何拿到毕业证？哪里可以买到毕业证？国外学历证书，国外文凭，国外大学毕业证。 作用： 1:给父母亲戚朋友看下，有个交代让他们放心，这方面完全没有问题 2：国内工作使用，外企，私企，民营这些单位都ok 3：也算是给国外留学生涯画上一个句号。 &amp;#x200B; 诚招各地校园代理，毕业证等全材料都可以操作，有兴趣的朋友可以咨询，收入优厚 &amp;#x200B;  【公司业务】  办理加拿大、澳洲、英国、新西兰等各大学毕业证及成绩单。从防伪到印刷，从水印到钢印，高精仿度几乎跟学校相似！让您绝对满意。（仿真程度高达100%。）  【办理流程】 一：收集好客户办理需要的信息  二：客户预付30%定金后，根据客户的信息帮客户先办理电子图，发给客户核对。  三：电子图确定无误后，制作实物，实物ok后，视频或者照片和客户核对实物  四：实物确定ok后，结算70%的余款，根据客户提供的地址快递给客户（国内发顺丰隔天到，国外DHL3-4天到）  ",1557306834
bl24in,Classic FPS,"Most FPS shooter Emphasis guns, teamwork, specialists, or 5 vs 5 instant death maps. What i want is a game that uses a 12 vs 12 team death-match or king of the hill game, the game mode doesn't matter could even be a search and destroy. An FPS game that emphasis maneuverability not like Black Ops 3 or Titan Fall but a game that had a much faster sense of movement were the overall character movement inst buffed in a major way through wall running and jet-packs, but at least a buff to movement speed 10 to 15 percent faster then the avg FPS. Maps are changed from the confining 3 lane maps we've been seeing more of in the COD franchise that have little depth and are pretty flat and generic were most maps carry one look out point which is set unevenly to one opponents side and makes the central lane very one sided (Bo4: Elevation), not mentioning one team starts on a up hill slope and if its a half decent team will maintain it with very few deaths. Mantling and scaling short walls are faster. Encouraging fast and aggressive game play. Mantle a wall from a sprint should be faster than standing next to it. Momentum helps your character scale and mantle short walls. A tilt feature would be nice for more tactical game play. No magical Items, energy shields, laser weapons. Destructible maps not static like cod. Weapons should be evenly balanced but not overly Nerfed. A shotgun with moderate bullet spread should 1 tap me with in 5 meters but not out side 12 meters. A sniper should one tap me but have a higher weapon sway, do not nerf the reload time (BO4). RNG spray and spread not to random (Fortnite), Shot Gun pellets should not over lap, (meaning shot gun pellets should not have the exact same trajectory ensure pellets maintain distance from each other. (R6) Building scaling would probably be useless in a game were every one is sprinting maps and mantling walls rushing to different positions game play would be to fast paced, unless maps were large and had depth example multiple multi floor building 4-6 lane maps were lanes weave, split and converge. Converging properly, roads from enemy spawns lead to a intersection at the center of the map and is a high traffic area. Low traffic routes should weave such as sewers. Plenty of cover all maps should have little to no open areas that make it hard for a team to push through. In team modes traversing an open area is suicide and if cover is on each side of the open areas maps are slow. Plenty of cover creates faster sense of game play. Being able to to run sprint and maneuver between cover fast and openly being able to move out of sight of sniper points and dodge initial fire encourages rushing. No building should have a single entrance, every build should have ideally three entry routes (Unless building scaling is Implemented). If Building scaling were introduced then a kill feature for enemies trying to scale cut their line with a knife and cause fall damage. On second thought scratch that that would encourage camping at the top of buildings. Unless you were able to be anchored to something like a window ledge rather then the roof. No Hero System (R6) although it encourages team work it discourages playing with new people. This will not hurt team work in an FPS people who play will naturally find some one with a complimenting play style. A Hero System is a sort of limiter and I don't think limiting the player is good. Micro-transactions Legendary Cosmetics should not go over 10 dollars for Premium currency. ALL cosmetics of ALL Rarities should be able to be easily grinned from playing casually not to easily but not out of reach of a 9 year old. No 1 time Items, the only 1 time item there should ever be in the game is one you get from preordering and showing faith and support. Loot Boxes should not be bought or sold in any way but used as a daily login reward to promote playing the game. Login for 4 weeks straight an the last loot box should guarantee a legendary item. Missing a day Should not Reset login reward progress. Items received in a loot box should be unobtainable in the store with premium currency this ensures that legendary items received from loot boxes are special rewards given to dedicated players. Login rewards should consist of Currency, Premium Currency, Loot Boxes, Temporary EXP boosts, and the Premium Loot Box. Ranked and Casual Lobbies. Ranked matches should offer double the reward the higher you go. &amp;#x200B; Thoughts of an Idiot",1557085660
bmuhv7,A Spaceship Based Shooter,"I need spaceship ideas and names for my friend, he wanted to make a 3D Galaga styled game, each spaceship has it’s own abilities, and also a name ofcourse",1557466713
bp3tbg,SCP FPS Game.,"In the game you play as a member of the Chaos Insurgency. You recently get word the foundation is experiencing a containment breach and you are tasked to infiltrate the foundation and steal as many SCPs as you can. The player would run across a wide arrange of weapons as he moves through the facility. You start off with a pistol but gain better weaponry such as shotguns, assault rifles, smgs, and even explosives as you go through the game. There would also be experimental foundation weaponry. Some SCPs can be used to assist you in combat, for example SCP-174 would be used to help you defend against SCP-049's lethal touch. SCP-500 would be used as an instant full heal, but there are only 5 pills. Gameplay would be similar to half life, moving from room to room, fighting anything that gets in your way. Sometimes the way to progress will not always be clear and you must use alternative methods of navigating the foundation, like moving through vents. The player has a health and armor bar similar to half life 2. Enemies you would encounter would be Guards, who are armed with pistols and SMGs. MTF units will eventually enter the facility, they are significantly more deadly than guards and carry assault rifles. SCP-049 is on the loose and turning people into zombies, so you would encounter those, too. SCP-049 roams the foundation and spawns randomly. He can be stunned with gunfire but cannot be killed. SCP-049 can even appear during combat situations and can kill enemies. You can escape 049 by running away. Guards and MTF would drop ammo and armor upon death. Scientists can be found roaming the facility. They are mostly useless and run away upon seeing the player. Killing them drops health. SCP-106 can also randomly appear, also being invulnerable to most forms of assault. Shooting it enough stuns it briefly. If the player is touched by 106 he will enter its pocket dimension where he has a chance to escape if he chooses the right path. While moving through the facility, you might encounter a D-Class. You can give the D-Class a weapon and have him/her follow you around, assisting you in combat. They could also be used as bait to slow down any attacking SCPs. SCP-682 would have a chase sequence where it chases you through the facility while you make your way to the acid control room. Here you reactive the acid pumps and bait 682 into its containment cell and escape before it floods with deadly acid. SCP-914 would allow the player to upgrade their weapons. For example you can upgrade your assault rifle to have a laser sight and extended mag. SCP-076 aka Able would be a bossfight. Able would use a sword and move quickly around the room, using an assortment of attacks against the player. Able would be able to tank many hits, his combat style and moves changing as his health bar lowers. &amp;#x200B; I have no intention of developing this game its just an idea I've had for a while.",1557955528
bncelz,Battle Royale concept; Internet Royale,"Internet Royale Differences from other games - instead to a storm or zone closing around you, your on a collapsing battle ground - you jump out of a portal being carried by a drone at the start of the game. - create a hell load of possibilities of what you can become and use it to face other people to the death Any ways here is the concept  In this battle royal game mode players will have to find badges, amulets that give people weapons and the skills to use them, to battle to the death. Only one may stand. There are 3 periods Period one is landing I which players jump out of a flying vehicle they can get. the majority of the players who chose a certain vehicle will be the vehicle the players jump out from. If there is a tie in flying vehicles, then it will become the default flying vehicle, a drone holding a portal. From a normal plane to a giant flying base to a secret sky island, to finally a flying tank. Period 2 is raiding in which the players will find chests with a 100% chance to get a badge. 3rd period is the reducing period in which the ground starts to rumble and after 2 minutes the ground outside the safe zone will crumble quickly and if your not in the safe zone at that time you will fall with the ground killing u. Also not helpful people can still kill u during the stage and there is a 10% chance the ground shaking will launch u up one time and deal fall damage. Badges Basics: A player can only Carry 3 badges. The more badges you have,fused or not, the more versatile u become in arsenal. The more better rarities you get/ the forged, the more damage u can deal. Not only that imagine what badges you can get from the many fictional/ nonfictional weapons and characters in the internet. You can become a meme character like sanic and wield a hunting rifle and captain America’s shield (possibly) or become shrek and fart large gasses to damage opponents. Oh there are many possibilities, you can even become a nuclear Grandi for any thing. (no offense) Rarity There are 7 rarities Common Uncommon  Unique Rare Epic Legendary “Internetal”",1557583519
bozw2m,Omg,OMG! I got 1 points in Run Bird Run! #runbirdrun https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ketchapp.runbirdrun,1557936827
bozw2x,Omg,OMG! I got 1 points in Run Bird Run! #runbirdrun https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ketchapp.runbirdrun,1557936828
bozw13,Omg,OMG! I got 1 points in Run Bird Run! #runbirdrun https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ketchapp.runbirdrun,1557936820
bm3akp,留学不能毕业如何拿到文凭办理西蒙菲莎大学毕业证Q/微2026614433 西蒙菲莎大学毕业证 成绩单 Simon Fraser University,"办毕业证,咨询微/Q:2026614433，办理毕业证,毕业证书,成绩单,毕业证,学历认证,真实可查教育部认证,毕业证,美国毕业证,美国文凭,澳洲文凭毕业证,英国毕业证,英国文凭,加拿大文凭毕业证,新西兰毕业证,法国毕业证,德国毕业证,真实毕业证,高仿毕业证,美国大学毕业证,澳洲大学毕业证,新西兰毕业证,英国毕业证,真实毕业证，高仿毕业证，美国大学毕业证，澳洲大学毕业证，新西兰毕业证，英国毕业证。 留学挂科怎么拿到毕业证？不能毕业如何拿到毕业证？哪里可以买到毕业证？国外学历证书，国外文凭，国外大学毕业证。 作用： 1:给父母亲戚朋友看下，有个交代让他们放心，这方面完全没有问题 2：国内工作使用，外企，私企，民营这些单位都ok 3：也算是给国外留学生涯画上一个句号。 &amp;#x200B; 诚招各地校园代理，毕业证等全材料都可以操作，有兴趣的朋友可以咨询，收入优厚 &amp;#x200B;  【公司业务】  办理加拿大、澳洲、英国、新西兰等各大学毕业证及成绩单。从防伪到印刷，从水印到钢印，高精仿度几乎跟学校相似！让您绝对满意。（仿真程度高达100%。）  【办理流程】 一：收集好客户办理需要的信息  二：客户预付30%定金后，根据客户的信息帮客户先办理电子图，发给客户核对。  三：电子图确定无误后，制作实物，实物ok后，视频或者照片和客户核对实物  四：实物确定ok后，结算70%的余款，根据客户提供的地址快递给客户（国内发顺丰隔天到，国外DHL3-4天到）  ",1557309071
bm3nle,办国外学历文凭/办新西兰学历文凭毕业证书办理林肯大学Lincoln毕业证Q/微2026614433成绩单文凭Lincoln University,"很多同学在面对本科无法毕业时，微/:202 661 4433，办理毕业证,毕业证书,都是非常的迷茫，不知???道该怎么办，甚至不知道怎么给家人交代。毕竟家人在自己身上注入了太多心血，有的家庭甚至是倾注了全部心血在自己的留学路上。因此本科没有毕业的结果给很多同学带去非常大的压力，甚至有的同学还因此抑郁。 但是，纸保不住火，这件事情迟早家人会知道。我们的身体会生病，那么我们在留学期间，留学也可能会生病，这个病不是真的病，而是留学遇到的困难。困难小能够自己解决，但是困难大，还是得让家人知道，一起想办法。齐心协力，解决问题。 &amp;#x200B; 面对以下疑难问题，we can help you! →留学期间紧急应对 1.国外留学本科无法毕业名校硕士申请 2.国外留学本科GPA低被院校劝退开除 3.国外留学院校考试作bi，论文抄xi被开除 5..留学签证指导培训/保签 6..留学文书（个人简历，个人陈述，推荐信） 7. 雅思/托福/SAT/ACT/GRE/GMAT不达标留学申请",1557311941
bm1rpk,制作美国高仿毕业证、代办Iowa毕业证文凭认证Q微790042814爱荷华大学毕业证书Iowa成绩单文凭学历认证 The University of Iowa,"**制作美国高仿毕业证、代办Iowa毕业证文凭认证Q微790042814爱荷华大学毕业证书Iowa成绩单文凭学历认证 The University of Iowa**&lt;如删除请点开网页快照&gt;Q微信790042814办理毕业证成绩单、留信网认证、真实使馆及教育部学历认证（诚招代理）（网上可查，实体公司，专业可靠） 【新鑫教育咨询实体公司】留学生归国服务中心面向美国英国澳洲加拿大留学生提供以下服务: 1.毕业证成绩单/留信网认证/使馆认证/教育部认证/雅思托福成绩单/学生卡。 2.留信网认证(留学生入职、提干、定岗、加薪、升职、评定等级是使用) 3.真实使馆认证(即留学回国人员证明,不成功不收费) 4.真实教育部学历学位认证（教育部留学服务中心、官网永久存档可查） 5.办理各国各大学文凭，从防伪到印刷，从水印到钢印烫金，与学校100%相同。 6.一对一专业服务,可全程监控跟踪进度。 —————————————————————————————————— 如果您处于以下几种情况： ◇在校期间，因各种原因未能顺利毕业,拿不到官方毕业证 ◇面对父母的压力，希望尽快拿到； ◇不清楚认证流程以及材料该如何准备； ◇回国时间很长，忘记办理； ◇回国马上就要找工作，给用人单位提供； ◇企事业单位必须要求办理的 ◇需要报考公务员、购买免税车、落转户口 ◇申请留学生创业基金 —————————————————————————————————— 办理假毕业证在国内能用吗Q\\微信790042814挂科拿不到毕业证怎么办Q\\微信790042814毕 业证丢了怎么办Q\\微信790042814没有正常毕业怎么办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814没毕业可 以办学历认证吗Q\\微信790042814您是否因为中途辍学、挂科而没有正常毕业Q\\微信790042814您是否因为递交材料不齐而被拒之门外Q\\微信790042814您是否因没正常毕业而导致回国得不到教 育部认证Q\\微信790042814在校挂科了不想读了、成绩不理想怎么办Q\\微信790042814找工 作没有文凭怎么办Q\\微信790042814办理本科/研究生文凭Q\\微信790042814有本科却要求硕士又怎么办Q\\微信790042814办理本科/硕士毕业证Q\\微信790042814网上买文凭可靠吗Q\\微信790042814买国外文凭质量Q\\微信 790042814国外本科毕业证怎么办理Q\\微信790042814国外大学文凭高仿真制作Q\\微信790042814办国外文凭可找工作Q\\微信790042814怎么办理国外假毕业证Q\\微信790042814哪里可以制作毕业证Q\\微信790042814美国哪里可以办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814澳洲 哪里可以办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814留学生在哪里买毕业证Q\\微信790042814加拿大哪里 可以办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814诚信办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814申请学校办理成绩单Q \\微信790042814办理水印成绩单Q\\微信790042814办理悉尼大学成绩单Q\\微信790042814多伦多办理成绩单Q\\微信790042814修改成绩单GPAQ\\微信790042814修改成绩 单分数Q\\微信790042814办理多大成绩单Q\\微信790042814如何拿到国外毕业证Q\\微信790042814快速拿到国外文凭Q\\微信790042814快速办理国外毕业证Q\\微信790042814假毕业证能查出来吗Q\\微信790042814假文凭网上能查到吗 国外文凭成绩单留学回国证明毕业证成绩单qq微信790042814咨询毕业证样本|办理本科文凭｜硕士毕业证|代办国外高仿文凭毕业证国外文凭成绩单留学回国证明毕业证成绩单qq微信790042814咨询毕业证样本|办理本科文凭｜硕士毕业证|代办国外高仿文凭毕业证国外文凭成绩单留学回国证明毕业证成绩单qq微信790042814咨询毕业证样本|办理本科文凭｜硕士毕业证|代办国外高仿文凭毕业证 ——————————————————————————————————",1557296261
bm260a,留学美国挂科买文凭学历毕业证书办罗切斯特大学毕业证成绩单Q/微2026614433学历认证University of Rochester,"办毕业证,咨询微/Q:2026614433，办理毕业证,毕业证书,成绩单,毕业证,学历认证,真实可查教育部认证,毕业证,美国毕业证,美国文凭,澳洲文凭毕业证,英国毕业证,英国文凭,加拿大文凭毕业证,新西兰毕业证,法国毕业证,德国毕业证,真实毕业证,高仿毕业证,美国大学毕业证,澳洲大学毕业证,新西兰毕业证,英国毕业证,真实毕业证，高仿毕业证，美国大学毕业证，澳洲大学毕业证，新西兰毕业证，英国毕业证。 留学挂科怎么拿到毕业证？不能毕业如何拿到毕业证？哪里可以买到毕业证？国外学历证书，国外文凭，国外大学毕业证。 作用： 1:给父母亲戚朋友看下，有个交代让他们放心，这方面完全没有问题 2：国内工作使用，外企，私企，民营这些单位都ok 3：也算是给国外留学生涯画上一个句号。 &amp;#x200B; 诚招各地校园代理，毕业证等全材料都可以操作，有兴趣的朋友可以咨询，收入优厚 &amp;#x200B;  【公司业务】  办理加拿大、澳洲、英国、新西兰等各大学毕业证及成绩单。从防伪到印刷，从水印到钢印，高精仿度几乎跟学校相似！让您绝对满意。（仿真程度高达100%。）  【办理流程】 一：收集好客户办理需要的信息  二：客户预付30%定金后，根据客户的信息帮客户先办理电子图，发给客户核对。  三：电子图确定无误后，制作实物，实物ok后，视频或者照片和客户核对实物  四：实物确定ok后，结算70%的余款，根据客户提供的地址快递给客户（国内发顺丰隔天到，国外DHL3-4天到）",1557299424
bm2xmb,留学不能毕业如何拿到文凭办理UBC毕业证/英属哥伦比亚大学毕业证Q/微2026614433 英属哥伦比亚大学毕业证 成绩单 University of British Columbia,"办毕业证,咨询微/Q:2026614433，办理毕业证,毕业证书,成绩单,毕业证,学历认证,真实可查教育部认证,毕业证,美国毕业证,美国文凭,澳洲文凭毕业证,英国毕业证,英国文凭,加拿大文凭毕业证,新西兰毕业证,法国毕业证,德国毕业证,真实毕业证,高仿毕业证,美国大学毕业证,澳洲大学毕业证,新西兰毕业证,英国毕业证,真实毕业证，高仿毕业证，美国大学毕业证，澳洲大学毕业证，新西兰毕业证，英国毕业证。 留学挂科怎么拿到毕业证？不能毕业如何拿到毕业证？哪里可以买到毕业证？国外学历证书，国外文凭，国外大学毕业证。 作用： 1:给父母亲戚朋友看下，有个交代让他们放心，这方面完全没有问题 2：国内工作使用，外企，私企，民营这些单位都ok 3：也算是给国外留学生涯画上一个句号。 &amp;#x200B; 诚招各地校园代理，毕业证等全材料都可以操作，有兴趣的朋友可以咨询，收入优厚 &amp;#x200B;  【公司业务】  办理加拿大、澳洲、英国、新西兰等各大学毕业证及成绩单。从防伪到印刷，从水印到钢印，高精仿度几乎跟学校相似！让您绝对满意。（仿真程度高达100%。）  【办理流程】 一：收集好客户办理需要的信息  二：客户预付30%定金后，根据客户的信息帮客户先办理电子图，发给客户核对。  三：电子图确定无误后，制作实物，实物ok后，视频或者照片和客户核对实物  四：实物确定ok后，结算70%的余款，根据客户提供的地址快递给客户（国内发顺丰隔天到，国外DHL3-4天到）  ",1557306107
bmlk8x,"Earth Guard [Google Play, FREE]",,1557417701
bm21hi,澳洲留学挂科买文凭学历毕业证书|办阿德莱德大学毕业证AU毕业证Q/微2026614433成绩单学历认证Adelaide University,"办毕业证,咨询微/Q:2026614433，办理毕业证,毕业证书,成绩单,毕业证,学历认证,真实可查教育部认证,毕业证,美国毕业证,美国文凭,澳洲文凭毕业证,英国毕业证,英国文凭,加拿大文凭毕业证,新西兰毕业证,法国毕业证,德国毕业证,真实毕业证,高仿毕业证,美国大学毕业证,澳洲大学毕业证,新西兰毕业证,英国毕业证,真实毕业证，高仿毕业证，美国大学毕业证，澳洲大学毕业证，新西兰毕业证，英国毕业证。 留学挂科怎么拿到毕业证？不能毕业如何拿到毕业证？哪里可以买到毕业证？国外学历证书，国外文凭，国外大学毕业证。 作用： 1:给父母亲戚朋友看下，有个交代让他们放心，这方面完全没有问题 2：国内工作使用，外企，私企，民营这些单位都ok 3：也算是给国外留学生涯画上一个句号。 &amp;#x200B; 诚招各地校园代理，毕业证等全材料都可以操作，有兴趣的朋友可以咨询，收入优厚 &amp;#x200B;  【公司业务】  办理加拿大、澳洲、英国、新西兰等各大学毕业证及成绩单。从防伪到印刷，从水印到钢印，高精仿度几乎跟学校相似！让您绝对满意。（仿真程度高达100%。）  【办理流程】 一：收集好客户办理需要的信息  二：客户预付30%定金后，根据客户的信息帮客户先办理电子图，发给客户核对。  三：电子图确定无误后，制作实物，实物ok后，视频或者照片和客户核对实物  四：实物确定ok后，结算70%的余款，根据客户提供的地址快递给客户（国内发顺丰隔天到，国外DHL3-4天到）",1557298436
bm1fap,制作美国高仿毕业证、代办NU毕业证文凭认证Q微790042814东北大学毕业证书NU成绩单文凭学历认证 Northeastern University,"**制作美国高仿毕业证、代办NU毕业证文凭认证Q微790042814东北大学毕业证书NU成绩单文凭学历认证 Northeastern University**&lt;如删除请点开网页快照&gt;Q微信790042814办理毕业证成绩单、留信网认证、真实使馆及教育部学历认证（诚招代理）（网上可查，实体公司，专业可靠） 【新鑫教育咨询实体公司】留学生归国服务中心面向美国英国澳洲加拿大留学生提供以下服务: 1.毕业证成绩单/留信网认证/使馆认证/教育部认证/雅思托福成绩单/学生卡。 2.留信网认证(留学生入职、提干、定岗、加薪、升职、评定等级是使用) 3.真实使馆认证(即留学回国人员证明,不成功不收费) 4.真实教育部学历学位认证（教育部留学服务中心、官网永久存档可查） 5.办理各国各大学文凭，从防伪到印刷，从水印到钢印烫金，与学校100%相同。 6.一对一专业服务,可全程监控跟踪进度。 —————————————————————————————————— 如果您处于以下几种情况： ◇在校期间，因各种原因未能顺利毕业,拿不到官方毕业证 ◇面对父母的压力，希望尽快拿到； ◇不清楚认证流程以及材料该如何准备； ◇回国时间很长，忘记办理； ◇回国马上就要找工作，给用人单位提供； ◇企事业单位必须要求办理的 ◇需要报考公务员、购买免税车、落转户口 ◇申请留学生创业基金 —————————————————————————————————— 办理假毕业证在国内能用吗Q\\微信790042814挂科拿不到毕业证怎么办Q\\微信790042814毕 业证丢了怎么办Q\\微信790042814没有正常毕业怎么办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814没毕业可 以办学历认证吗Q\\微信790042814您是否因为中途辍学、挂科而没有正常毕业Q\\微信790042814您是否因为递交材料不齐而被拒之门外Q\\微信790042814您是否因没正常毕业而导致回国得不到教 育部认证Q\\微信790042814在校挂科了不想读了、成绩不理想怎么办Q\\微信790042814找工 作没有文凭怎么办Q\\微信790042814办理本科/研究生文凭Q\\微信790042814有本科却要求硕士又怎么办Q\\微信790042814办理本科/硕士毕业证Q\\微信790042814网上买文凭可靠吗Q\\微信790042814买国外文凭质量Q\\微信 790042814国外本科毕业证怎么办理Q\\微信790042814国外大学文凭高仿真制作Q\\微信790042814办国外文凭可找工作Q\\微信790042814怎么办理国外假毕业证Q\\微信790042814哪里可以制作毕业证Q\\微信790042814美国哪里可以办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814澳洲 哪里可以办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814留学生在哪里买毕业证Q\\微信790042814加拿大哪里 可以办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814诚信办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814申请学校办理成绩单Q \\微信790042814办理水印成绩单Q\\微信790042814办理悉尼大学成绩单Q\\微信790042814多伦多办理成绩单Q\\微信790042814修改成绩单GPAQ\\微信790042814修改成绩 单分数Q\\微信790042814办理多大成绩单Q\\微信790042814如何拿到国外毕业证Q\\微信790042814快速拿到国外文凭Q\\微信790042814快速办理国外毕业证Q\\微信790042814假毕业证能查出来吗Q\\微信790042814假文凭网上能查到吗 国外文凭成绩单留学回国证明毕业证成绩单qq微信790042814咨询毕业证样本|办理本科文凭｜硕士毕业证|代办国外高仿文凭毕业证国外文凭成绩单留学回国证明毕业证成绩单qq微信790042814咨询毕业证样本|办理本科文凭｜硕士毕业证|代办国外高仿文凭毕业证国外文凭成绩单留学回国证明毕业证成绩单qq微信790042814咨询毕业证样本|办理本科文凭｜硕士毕业证|代办国外高仿文凭毕业证 ——————————————————————————————————",1557293578
bm2pt5,办国外学历文凭办美国文凭学历办堪萨斯州立大学新毕业证成绩单Q微2026614433学历认证,"办毕业证,咨询微/Q:2026614433，办理毕业证,毕业证书,哪里可以买到假文凭？哪儿能做假文凭？哪里有做假文凭的？哪里有假文凭卖？假文凭会被­查出来吗？假文凭会查吗？假文凭怎么查？假文凭识别的方法？哪里可以买国外大学文凭？­国外假文凭可以认证吗？留学生回国找什么工作好？海外留学归国求职怎么办？办理海外留­学假文凭找工作？ 办理澳洲大学文凭、办理美国大学文凭、办理加拿大大学文凭、办理英国大学文凭、办理德­国大学文凭、办理马来西亚大学文凭、办理新加坡大学文凭、办理新西兰大学文凭、办理日­本大学文凭等以及办理海内外各大院校文凭。 招聘中介校园代理：本公司诚聘各地代理人员以及留学生，报酬丰厚，如果你有业余时­间，有兴趣的话可以联系我，我们会给您优厚的回报！【学历认证顾问QQ微信2026614433】 办理英国文凭，办理美国文凭，办理加拿大毕业证，办理澳洲毕业证成绩单，办理新西­兰学历，办理新加坡毕业证成绩单，办理德国毕业证成绩单，办理法国毕业证成绩单，办理­荷兰毕业证成绩单，办理意大利毕业证成绩单，办理奥地利毕业证成绩单，办理日本毕业证­成绩单，办理韩国毕业证成绩单等各国大学的文凭学历。【学历认证顾问QQ微信2026614433】 &amp;#x200B; 本公司专业为留学生解决以下问题： 一、办理假毕业证在国内能用吗? 挂科拿不到毕业证怎么办? 毕业证丢了怎么办 没有正常毕业怎么办 办理海外大学毕业证 没毕业可以办学历认证吗 您是否因为中途辍学、挂科而没有正常毕业 您是否因为递交材料不齐而被拒之门外 您是否因没正常毕业而导致回国得不到教育部认证 在校挂科了不想读了、成绩不理想怎么办 找工作没有文凭怎么办 办理本科/研究生文凭 有本科却要求硕士又怎么办办理本科/硕士毕业证 网上买文凭可靠吗 买国外文凭质量国外本科毕业证怎么办 办理国外大学文凭 高仿真制作办国外文凭可找工作 怎么办理国外假毕业证 哪里可以制作毕业证美国 哪里可以办理毕业证澳洲 哪里可以办理毕业证 留学生在哪里买毕业证 加拿大哪里可以办理毕业证 诚信办理毕业证 申请学校办理成绩单 办理水印成绩单 办理悉尼大学成绩单多伦多 办理成绩单修改成绩单GPA修改成绩单分数 办理多大成绩单如何拿到国外毕业证快速拿到国外文凭快速办理国外毕业证假毕业证能查出­来吗 假文凭网上能查到吗?【学历认证顾问QQ微信2026614433】 二、 我们对海外大学及学院的毕业证成绩单所使用的材料，尺寸大小，防伪结构（包括：隐­形水印，阴影底纹，钢印LOGO烫金烫银，LOGO烫金烫银复合重叠。 文字图案浮雕，激光镭射，紫外荧光，温感，复印防伪）都有原版本文,凭对照。质量­得到了广大海外客户群体的认可，同时和海外学校留学中介， 同时能做到与时俱进，及时掌握各大院校的（毕 业证，成绩单，资格证，学生卡，结业证，录取通知书，在读证明等相关材料）的版本更新­信息， 能够在第一时间掌握最新的海外学历文凭的样版，尺寸大小，纸张材质，防伪技术等等­，并在第一时间收集到原版 实物，以求达到客户的需求。 基本操作流程如下： 1.客户支付30%的制作定金！ 2.收集客户基本信息，公司开始制作电子图给客户审核，确保信息无误！ 3.客户支付完余款，根据客户审核后的电子图制作成品再次给客户审核！ 4.公司把成品邮寄给客户！（国内顺丰 国外DHL） 5.及时删除客户资料，以保证信息安全！ 专业为您服务如有需要咨询：【学历认证顾问QQ微信2026614433】 三、特别关注：【业务选择办理准则】 1、工作未确定，回国需先给父母、亲戚朋友看下文凭的情况 、只需要办理一份文凭。 2、回国后选择的工作单位性质为中小型私营企业、外企、家族企业、创业者也可只需­要办理一份文凭，因为这些单位是不查询毕业证真伪的，而且国内没有渠道去查询国外文凭­的真假，也不需要提供真实教育部认证，鉴于此：办理一份毕业证成绩单即可。 &amp;#x200B; 3、回国进国企、银行等事业性单位或者考公务员的情况 办理一份毕业证成绩单，递交材料到教育部，办理真实教育部认证 很多同学在面对本科无法毕业时，都是非常的迷茫，不知???道该怎么办，甚至不知道怎么给家人交代。毕竟家人在自己身上注入了太多心血，有的家庭甚至是倾注了全部心血在自己的留学路上。因此本科没有毕业的结果给很多同学带去非常大的压力，甚至有的同学还因此抑郁。 但是，纸保不住火，这件事情迟早家人会知道。我们的身体会生病，那么我们在留学期间，留学也可能会生病，这个病不是真的病，而是留学遇到的困难。困难小能够自己解决，但是困难大，还是得让家人知道，一起想办法。齐心协力，解决问题。 &amp;#x200B; 面对以下疑难问题，we can help you! →留学期间紧急应对 1.国外留学本科无法毕业名校硕士申请 2.国外留学本科GPA低被院校劝退开除 3.国外留学院校考试作bi，论文抄xi被开除 5..留学签证指导培训/保签 6..留学文书（个人简历，个人陈述，推荐信） 7. 雅思/托福/SAT/ACT/GRE/GMAT不达标留学申请",1557304213
bm2asq,留学美国挂科买文凭学历毕业证书办普渡大学毕业证成绩单Q/微2026614433学历认证Purdue West Lafayette,"办毕业证,咨询微/Q:2026614433，办理毕业证,毕业证书,成绩单,毕业证,学历认证,真实可查教育部认证,毕业证,美国毕业证,美国文凭,澳洲文凭毕业证,英国毕业证,英国文凭,加拿大文凭毕业证,新西兰毕业证,法国毕业证,德国毕业证,真实毕业证,高仿毕业证,美国大学毕业证,澳洲大学毕业证,新西兰毕业证,英国毕业证,真实毕业证，高仿毕业证，美国大学毕业证，澳洲大学毕业证，新西兰毕业证，英国毕业证。 留学挂科怎么拿到毕业证？不能毕业如何拿到毕业证？哪里可以买到毕业证？国外学历证书，国外文凭，国外大学毕业证。 作用： 1:给父母亲戚朋友看下，有个交代让他们放心，这方面完全没有问题 2：国内工作使用，外企，私企，民营这些单位都ok 3：也算是给国外留学生涯画上一个句号。 &amp;#x200B; 诚招各地校园代理，毕业证等全材料都可以操作，有兴趣的朋友可以咨询，收入优厚 &amp;#x200B;  【公司业务】  办理加拿大、澳洲、英国、新西兰等各大学毕业证及成绩单。从防伪到印刷，从水印到钢印，高精仿度几乎跟学校相似！让您绝对满意。（仿真程度高达100%。）  【办理流程】 一：收集好客户办理需要的信息  二：客户预付30%定金后，根据客户的信息帮客户先办理电子图，发给客户核对。  三：电子图确定无误后，制作实物，实物ok后，视频或者照片和客户核对实物  四：实物确定ok后，结算70%的余款，根据客户提供的地址快递给客户（国内发顺丰隔天到，国外DHL3-4天到）",1557300538
bm2k69,办国外学历文凭办美国文凭学历办伦斯勒理工学院RPI毕业证成绩单Q/微2026614433学历认证Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute,"办毕业证,咨询微/Q:2026614433，办理毕业证,毕业证书,成绩单,毕业证,学历认证,真实可查教育部认证,毕业证,美国毕业证,美国文凭,澳洲文凭毕业证,英国毕业证,英国文凭,加拿大文凭毕业证,新西兰毕业证,法国毕业证,德国毕业证,真实毕业证,高仿毕业证,美国大学毕业证,澳洲大学毕业证,新西兰毕业证,英国毕业证,真实毕业证，高仿毕业证，美国大学毕业证，澳洲大学毕业证，新西兰毕业证，英国毕业证。 留学挂科怎么拿到毕业证？不能毕业如何拿到毕业证？哪里可以买到毕业证？国外学历证书，国外文凭，国外大学毕业证。 作用： 1:给父母亲戚朋友看下，有个交代让他们放心，这方面完全没有问题 2：国内工作使用，外企，私企，民营这些单位都ok 3：也算是给国外留学生涯画上一个句号。 &amp;#x200B; 诚招各地校园代理，毕业证等全材料都可以操作，有兴趣的朋友可以咨询，收入优厚 &amp;#x200B;  【公司业务】  办理加拿大、澳洲、英国、新西兰等各大学毕业证及成绩单。从防伪到印刷，从水印到钢印，高精仿度几乎跟学校相似！让您绝对满意。（仿真程度高达100%。）  【办理流程】 一：收集好客户办理需要的信息  二：客户预付30%定金后，根据客户的信息帮客户先办理电子图，发给客户核对。  三：电子图确定无误后，制作实物，实物ok后，视频或者照片和客户核对实物  四：实物确定ok后，结算70%的余款，根据客户提供的地址快递给客户（国内发顺丰隔天到，国外DHL3-4天到）",1557302788
bloz1q,"Open-world RPG with many twists, complex characters and rich thoughtful story about the future of human race and Earth","Hi, I was just thinking about a story which would include sci-fi elements, world problems, the future of humanity etc. and I came up with this. First there was this Cyberpunk World(CPW) which escalated just as it could irl. Pollution,overpopulation, climatic changes, plastics everywhere, people not caring about anything but money and wealth. Then a guy steps in but he looks like the villain. He wants to extinct most of the humanity and start a new world, better than this and to try to live in harmony with the Earth by using clean energy and safe technologies. Also the CPW world has some hero-like people who want to prevent this and ""save all the people"". But they will eventually fail and most of them will die. The ""villain"" will win, starting a New World(ANW). There will be people who joined him and also those who were already born in the new world. They would live on Earth, but in a newly discovered land. Everyone would be happy and everythink would work. But some CPW people survived, some heroes too. And they formed 3 factions+ANW faction, so 4 in total. They all want to somehow destroy ANW and then: 1st wants to rebuild the CPW, as the old world. Back to everything we had. 2nd wants to leave Earth and find a new home. 3rd wants to destroy everything and let the Earth to fix itself. 4th wants to protect ANW and defeat those who is a threat. The player would start after this and could choose to start either in ANW or the destroyed CPW. And as they would progress in the story they could choose their faction after learning about every of them and then try to fulfill their goal. It would play like Fallout New Vegas/Outer Worlds or could be mixed with some Deus Ex elements. I haven't thought about every detail and motivation in-depth, it is just a rough sketch but I would like to hear and read about your opinions.",1557224318
bm3km5,留学不能毕业如何拿到文凭办理西蒙菲莎大学毕业证Q/微2026614433 西蒙菲莎大学毕业证 成绩单 Simon Fraser University,"很多同学在面对本科无法毕业时，微/:202 661 4433，办理毕业证,毕业证书,都是非常的迷茫，不知???道该怎么办，甚至不知道怎么给家人交代。毕竟家人在自己身上注入了太多心血，有的家庭甚至是倾注了全部心血在自己的留学路上。因此本科没有毕业的结果给很多同学带去非常大的压力，甚至有的同学还因此抑郁。 但是，纸保不住火，这件事情迟早家人会知道。我们的身体会生病，那么我们在留学期间，留学也可能会生病，这个病不是真的病，而是留学遇到的困难。困难小能够自己解决，但是困难大，还是得让家人知道，一起想办法。齐心协力，解决问题。 &amp;#x200B; 面对以下疑难问题，we can help you! →留学期间紧急应对 1.国外留学本科无法毕业名校硕士申请 2.国外留学本科GPA低被院校劝退开除 3.国外留学院校考试作bi，论文抄xi被开除 5..留学签证指导培训/保签 6..留学文书（个人简历，个人陈述，推荐信） 7. 雅思/托福/SAT/ACT/GRE/GMAT不达标留学申请",1557311298
bm3xlj,挂科不能毕业各国文凭学历办毕业证咨询微/Q:2026614433修改成绩单及教育部认证办理,"办毕业证,咨询微/Q:2026614433，办理毕业证,毕业证书,成绩单,毕业证,学历认证,真实可查教育部认证,毕业证,美国毕业证,美国文凭,澳洲文凭毕业证,英国毕业证,英国文凭,加拿大文凭毕业证,新西兰毕业证,法国毕业证,德国毕业证,真实毕业证,高仿毕业证,美国大学毕业证,澳洲大学毕业证,新西兰毕业证,英国毕业证,真实毕业证，高仿毕业证，美国大学毕业证，澳洲大学毕业证，新西兰毕业证，英国毕业证。 留学挂科怎么拿到毕业证？不能毕业如何拿到毕业证？哪里可以买到毕业证？国外学历证书，国外文凭，国外大学毕业证。 作用： 1:给父母亲戚朋友看下，有个交代让他们放心，这方面完全没有问题 2：国内工作使用，外企，私企，民营这些单位都ok 3：也算是给国外留学生涯画上一个句号。 &amp;#x200B; 诚招各地校园代理，毕业证等全材料都可以操作，有兴趣的朋友可以咨询，收入优厚 &amp;#x200B;  【公司业务】  办理加拿大、澳洲、英国、新西兰等各大学毕业证及成绩单。从防伪到印刷，从水印到钢印，高精仿度几乎跟学校相似！让您绝对满意。（仿真程度高达100%。）  【办理流程】 一：收集好客户办理需要的信息  二：客户预付30%定金后，根据客户的信息帮客户先办理电子图，发给客户核对。  三：电子图确定无误后，制作实物，实物ok后，视频或者照片和客户核对实物  四：实物确定ok后，结算70%的余款，根据客户提供的地址快递给客户（国内发顺丰隔天到，国外DHL3-4天到）  ",1557313895
bkvj9m,Army Exile - an e-sports capable Battle Royale??,"The background of this game is that the army is looking for a team of recruits to hire in their secret service. They have selected 80 possible recruits and have placed them in a remote island to be tested for their skills; they are placed on the outskirts of the Island by the army (15 squads in total) while 5 squads wake up in unknown POIs after being rendered unconscious. There are 3 types of recruits in each squad: **- Medic:** The Medic acts as the backbone of the squad by providing provisions and healable to the other possible recruits. The Medic has 2 weapon slots; one main weapon and a secondary weapon. It also has 3 available slots, allocated to healables. The heals can be found in local deserted stores scattered all over the island which can be a source of some really interesting fights. The Medic can work to heal their teammates, remaining completely vulnerable to fire. **- Builder:** The Builder acts as the protection of the team, by collecting bricks scattered throughout the island and storing them in his backpack. He also has 2 weapon slots; a main weapon and a secondary weapon. The Builder has 2 build slots; a wall and a floor, which takes 6 seconds to build each. The Builder can serve to protect the Medic who may be reviving a teammate or to protect them in general. While building however, he is completely vulnerable to fire and can or may be protected by mercenaries (down below). Keep in mind that the more bricks the Builder stores, the more heavier he gets. **- Mercenaries (2):** They act as the main source of firepower and are allocated 3 weapon slots; 2 main weapons and a firearm, with an extra 2 slots for throwables, which they can find at the ammo stations. &amp;#x200B; There is an airship hovering over the island, where the squads have to get to and win over everyone to achieve a spot on that airship and be recruited (victory I guess?). After a certain period of time, the army closes in on the island, pushing the squads towards the airship. If any possible recruit is out of the zone, he is met by gunfire from the army soldiers (5 damage a tick). &amp;#x200B; Don't know if any other game is based on this, however, I feel like it is a pretty neat idea to provide a free to play, strategy based game.",1557045388
blw0of,Zombie survival multiplayer game FPS,"# 1. General description \- Game type : FPS \- Mode : multi-player \- Environment : survivalhorror \- Style : arcade \- Platform : PC (consoles ?) \- Engine : UE4 ? Unity ? \- Number of players : 8 minimum, as many as possible ideally (100 and more ?) \- PEGI : 18 # 2. Synopsis The player incarnates a survivor into a post-apocalyptic world who must defend himself against other survivors and against zombie hordes controlled by artificial intelligence but also controlled by other players. The survivors must buy weapons and other accessories with virtual money (Z-coins) in order to defend themselves against zombies and enemy survivors. The players infected by zombie bites eventually turn into a zombie themselves and join the zombie team. They still can try to win the game this time by infecting all remaining survivors. # 3. Game modes, goals and rules # 3.1 Deathmatch \- **Pre-game :** o One player creates a game, defines an entering price in Z-coins for the pre-game bet (detailled in a further chapter) and invites other players to join. o The game starts when the number of players needed is reached. o The players buy their initial weapons and gear just before the game starts. \- **Beginning of the game :** o The survivors are randomly disposed onto their respawn area located on the edges of the map. o A first zombie controlled by artificial intelligence (AI-zombie) spawns at the same time at the center of the map and will immediately move towards the closest survivor to attack him. o A zombie bite removes a certain amount of health and one single bite leads to an irreversible contamination. Once infected, the survivor will then progressively and inevitably lose all of his health until he dies and then turn into a zombie-player. o Every AI-zombie eliminated by a survivor will leave a Z-coin on his body which any survivor can pick up. A zombie-player eliminated will leave 100 Z-coins on his body. \- **Following :** o Every AI-zombie eliminated will then immediately give birth to two other new AI-zombies in the zombie respawn area located between the edges and the center of the map. The number of AI-zombies will then constantelly grow as survivors eliminate more AI-zombies and so on. o The survivors can also eliminate other survivor players in order to steal their gear and the Z-coins they have collected during the game. o Once eliminated, the survivor loses all of his weapons and gear but also all the Z-coins in his possession. He can then buy new weapons and gear from his Z-coin account before respawning again on the edges of the map. He can die and respawn as a survivor on and on as long as he has not been infected. o Once infected, the survivor who eventually dies no mather how will than rescurrect as a zombie-player. o The zombie-player must try to infect all the reamaining survivors if he wants to win the game as part of the zombie team. o Every time a zombie-player is eliminated, he respawns in the zombie respawning zone between the edges and the center of the map. o Every time a new infected survivor joins the zombie team, all the previous zombie-players get 100 Z-coins. If they manage to win the game in the end, they will then keep the whole amount as a reward. o The number of AI-zombies keep growing on and on as long as half of the survivors hasn’t been infected and turned into zombies. \- **End of the game :** o Once half of the survivors have been turned into zombies, every AI-zombie eliminated no longer respawns. The zombie-players on the other hand will keep on respawning as long as there are AI-zombies remaining on the map. o Once that all the AI-zombies have been eliminated, every zombie-player eliminated no longer respawns either. o The survivors win if they manage to eliminated all the AI-zombies, all the zombie-players and all the infected survivors from the map (an infected survivor is considered part of the zombie team). o The zombies win if they manage to infect and turn all the survivors into zombies. o If the survivors win, each player keeps the Z-coins collected in his possession plus his share of the total pre-game bet from the beginning which is divided by the number of remaining survivors. o If the zombies win, each zombie-player keeps his Z-coins collected as a zombie and take back his pre-game bet from the beginning. # 3.2. Escape In the Escape mode, the survivors must try to evacuate the map through an helicopter which of course does not have enough room for everyone. The Escape mode begins exactly the same way as Deathmatch excepted that once half of the survivors have turned into zombies, the AI-zombies and the zombie-players keep respawning after being eliminated but AI-zombies no longer grow in numbers. At the same time, the helicopter arrives over the top of a random building on the map. The remaining half of the survivors must now reach the helicopter to win the game. The problem is that the helicopter has only enough room for half of the remaining survivors (only one quarter of the total number of survivors who started the game). The game ends when the helicopter leaves either because it is filled with the maximum number of survivors or because there are no more survivors alive left to rescue. An infected survivor is unable to enter the helicopter and is considered part of the zombie team even before he turns. The survivors who managed to reach the helicopter keep their Z-coins collected during the game and equally share the whole pre-game bet as a reward. The zombie-players win the game and have their pre-game bet part back if they manage to infect all survivors before anyone of them reaches the helicopter. If they lose, however, they are still able to keep the Z-coins collected during the game as zombies in order to encourage the zombie players not to quit the game before the end. # 4. Real money and virtual money The virtual money (Z-coins) is needed in order to buy weapons and accessories during the game. Every player owns an account where he can deposit or whithdraw his virtual money. During the game, the survivors can buy some new gear before respawning but not while playing. Survivors cannot deposit money on their account while playing either. The virtual money can be gained through different ways : \- « Buying » virtual money with real money. The number of Z-coins gained by paying with real money is equal to the amount spent in euros cubed. For example : 1 euro = 1x1x1 = 1 Z-coin. 10 euros = 10x10X10 = 1000 Z-coins. 100 euros = 100x100x100 = 1 000 000 Z-coins and so on. \- Collecting Z-coins in game : o The survivors can pick up Z-coins left by zombies on their dead bodies once they are killed. A dead AI-zombie will leave 1 Z-coin on his body and a dead zombie-player will leave 100 Z-coins on its body. However, when a survivor gets killed by another survivor or if he turns into a zombie he will lose all the Z-coins he previously collected as well as the gear he had bought and/or collected until then, leaving it all available to be stealed by other players. o The zombie-players already part of the zombie team will gain 100 Z-coins every time a new zombie-player joins the zombie team. Meaning that on a 100 players game won by the zombie team, the first player to turn into a zombie will gain 10.000 Z-coins and the last player to be transformed will gain 100 Z-coins. \- Betting Z-coins pre-game : o The player who creates the games freely determines an entering price in Z-coin that every player must pay to be allowed to join, including himself. The total amount of virtual money will constitue the pre-game bet. o If survivors win, they equally share the total amount of pre-game bet divided by the number of remaining survivors. If zombies win, each of them takes his personnal initial bet back (corresponding to the game entering price). # 5. The maps General design : \- A central devastated urbanised zone where survivors can better protect themselves inside the ruins. \- A wild zone made of forests or swamps around the central zone which will also be the the respawn area for all zombies, players and AI. \- The edges of the map will be delimited by freeways and abandonned cars corresponding to the survivors’ respawn area. The freedom of travelling through the entire map can be improved by creating a torus/donut shaped world whith no invisible walls. The players will then be able to directly cross the edges of the map from one side to the opposite without interruption or obstacles. # 6. The characters \- **Survivors :** The survivors are human characters controlled by players. Their goal is to end the game alive without being infected while collecting as much money as they can at the same time. The survivors have some physical skills determined by their remaining amount of health : \- Between 75 and 100 points of health : o Automatic health regeneration of 1 point per minute up to 100 o Ability to sprint during 20 seconds and make long jumps o Ability to run at moderate speed without limit of time o Ability to use aim down sight with heavy weapons o Ability to hold a medium firearm in each arm for hip aim \- Between 50 and 75 points of health : o No more automatic health regeneration o No more possibility to sprint but still possible to run at moderate speed for 20 seconds, walk at normal speed and make short jumps. o Aim down sight can no longer be used for heavy weapons which can still be hip fired. o No more possibility to hold a medium weapon in both hands but still work with two handguns. \- Between 25 and 50 points of health : o Still able to walk at normal speed for 20 seconds and walk slowly with a limp the rest of the time o Can no longer use a heavy weapon by any means o Can no longer aim down sight with a medium weapon which can still be hip fired o Still able to aim down sight with a handgun o Can no longer use a handgun in both hands \- Between 0 and 25 points of health : o Health automatically decreases by 1 point every minute until death o Walking is no longer possible, crawling becomes the only way to move o No possibility to use a heavy or medium weapon by any means o Hip fire with a handgun is still possible A survivor begins with 100 points of health every time he respawns and he will lose more points of health when he gets hit in the weaker parts of his body. \- Damage potential by body parts : o Head : 100% o Chest : 66% o Abdomen : 33% o Thigh : 25% o Legs and arms : 10% Survivors lose 1 point of health every minute until they die once they are infected. \- **AI-zombies :** AI-zombies are controlled by artificial intellingence. They are automatically aimed to attack the closest survivor to them on the map as soon as they respawn. They have exactly the same amount of health and the same damage potential by body parts than survivors. They move at survivors’ moderate running speed. A zombie-AI bite will remove 10 points of health from a survivor’s health and will infect him irreversibly. The infected survivor will then progressively lose all his health until he dies before turning into a zombie. \- **Zombie-players :** The zombie-players are controlled by a player who was a survivor before dying previously infected by a zombie bite. Zombie-players have a superior amount of health of 200 points but the same damage potential by body parts. They are able to climb on walls and ceilings. They can sprint permanantly without need to rest. Their health progressively regenerates up to 200 as long as it has not fallen to zero. On the other hand, they have 15 minutes to attack a survivor before their health starts to decline until they die. Zombie-players have a natural radar to track survivors and a special vision to see them through walls. A zombie-player bite costs 20 points of health to a survivor and infects him irreversibly, making him lose 2 points of health every minute until he dies. # 7. The gear: Inludes weapons, ammunition and other accessories. Those elements can be bought by virtual money but can also be picked up during the game. # 7.1. Weapons: # 7.1.1. Melee weapons: Cheap, without limit of use for most of them but have very limited range and can only be used for close combat : \- **knife :** o Cost : 100 Z-coins o Inventory space : 10% o Range : short o Damage : 300 o Rate : 60 hits/min \- **Ax :** o Cost : 200 Z-coins o Inventory space : 20% o Range : Mid o Damage : 600 o Rate : 30 hits/min \- **Katana :** o Cost : 200 Z-coins o Inventory space : 20% o Range : Mid o Damage : 300 o Rate : 60 hits/min \- **Chainsaw :** o Cost : 500 Z-coins o Inventory space : 30% o Range : Mid o Damage : 600 o Rate : permanent o Autonomy : 5 minutes, can be fully reload by gasoline from a molotov cocktail \- **Home-made flamethrower :** o Cost : 500 Z-coins o Inventory space : 30% o Range : long o Damage : 600 o Rate : permanent o Autonomy : 1 minute, can be fully reload by gasoline from a molotov cocktail # 7.1.2. Handguns: \- **1911 Springfield Armory TRP :** o Cost : 100 Z-coins o Inventory space : 10% o Caliber : 45ACP o Capacity : 8 rounds o Damage (per shot) : 100 o Rate : 240 RPM (semi) o Range : ++ o Recoil (per shot) : +++ o Precision (per shot) : +++ o Reloading : 2 seconds \- **Revolver Smith and Wesson Model 686 :** o Cost : 100 Z-coins o Inventory space : 10% o Caliber : 357mag o Capacity : 6 rounds o Damage (per shot) : 200 o Rate : 120 RPM (semi) o Range : +++ o Recoil (per shot) : ++++++ o Precision (per shot) : +++ o Reloading : 2 seconds (speedloader) \- **Beretta M92FS :** o Cost : 200 Z-coins o Inventory space : 10% o Caliber : 9mm o Capacity : 17 rounds o Damage (per shot) : 100 o Rate : 240 RPM (semi) o Range : ++ o Recoil (per shot) : +++ o Precision (per shot) : +++ o Reloading : 2 seconds o Laser \- **Desert Eagle :** o Cost : 200 Z-coins o Inventory space : 10% o Caliber : 357mag o Capacity : 9 rounds o Damage (per shot) : 200 o Rate : 120 RPM (semi) o Range : +++ o Recoil (per shot) : ++++++ o Precision (per shot) : +++ o Reloading : 2 seconds o Laser # 7.1.4. Submachine guns and middle class firearms \- **Sawed off shotgun :** o Cost : 100 Z-coins o Inventory space : 20% o Caliber : 12 gauge o Capacity : 2 rounds o Damage (per shot) : 1200 (24x50) o Rate : 120 RPM (semi) o Range : + o Recoil (per shot) : ++++++++++++ o Precision (per shot) : + o Reloading : 4 seconds \- **Mini-UZI :** o Cost : 200 Z-coins o Inventory space : 20% o Caliber : 45ACP o Capacity : 30 rounds o Damage (per shot) : 100 o Rate : 900 RPM (auto) o Range : +++ o Recoil (per shot) : ++ o Precision (per shot) : ++++ o Reloading : 2 seconds \- **HK MP5K :** o Cost : 400 Z-coins o Inventory space : 20% o Caliber : 9mm o Capacity : 30 rounds o Damage (per shot) : 100 o Rate : 900 RPM (auto) o Range : +++ o Recoil (per shot) : + o Precision (per shot) : ++++ o Reloading : 2 sec o Laser o Foregrip \- **HK GLM** o Cost : 400 Z-coins o Inventory space : 20% o Caliber : 40x46 NATO o Capacity : 1 round o Damage : 1000 at impact then decreases by half every 1 meter o Rate : 30 RPM (manual) o Range : ++ o Recoil (per shot) : ++++++ o Precision (per shot) : + # 7.1.4. Shotguns, assault rifles, sniper rifles, machine guns and heavy firearms \- **Remington 870 :** o Cost : 400 Z-coins o Inventory space : 30% o Caliber : 12 gauge o Capacity : 7(+1) rounds o Damage (per shot) : 1200 (24x50) o Rate : 60 RPM (manual) o Range : ++ o Recoil (per shot) : ++++++ o Precision (per shot) : ++ o Reloading : 1 round/second \- **Semi-automatic shotgun Benelli M4 Super 90 :** o Cost : 800 Z-coins o Inventory space : 30% o Caliber : 12 gauge o Capacity : 7(+1) rounds o Damage (per shot) : 1200 (24x50) o Rate : 120 RPM (semi) o Range : ++ o Recoil (per shot): ++++++ o Precision (per shot): ++ o Reloading : 1 round/second o Laser \- **AK 101 :** o Cost : 400 Z-coins o Inventory space : 30% o Caliber : 5.56 NATO o Capacity : 30 rounds o Damage (per shot) : 200 o Rate : 600 RPM (auto) o Range : ++++ o Recoil (per shot) : ++ o Precision (per shot) : ++++++ o Reloading : 2 seconds \- **HK 416 :** o Cost : 800 Z-coins o Inventory space : 30% o Caliber : 5.56 NATO o Capacity : 30 rounds o Damage (per shot) : 200 o Rate : 600 RPM (auto) o Range : ++++ o Recoil (per shot): + o Precision (per shot) : ++++++++ o Reloading : 2 seconds o Laser o Foregrip o Holographic sight \- **M60 :** o Cost : 800 Z-coins o Inventory space : 30% o Caliber : 7.62 NATO o Capacity : as many as available o Damage (per shot) : 300 o Rate : 600 RPM (auto) o Range : ++++++ o Recoil (per shot): +++ o Precision (per shot) : ++++++ o Reloading : none \- **Mk 14 EBR :** o Cost : 800 Z-coins o Inventory space : 30% o Caliber : 7.62 NATO o Capacity : 20 rounds o Damage (per shot) : 300 o Rate : 240 RPM (semi) o Range : ++++++ o Recoil (per shot) : + o Precision (per shot) : +++++++++ o Reloading : 2 seconds o Laser o Foregrip o ACOG sight : 2x or 4x adjustable zooming \- **Barrett M98b :** o Cost : 400 Z-coins o Inventory space : 30% o Caliber : 338 lapua mag o Capacity : 10 rounds o Damage (per shot) : 600 o Rate : 30 RPM (manual) o Range : ++++++++++++ o Recoil (per shot) : ++++++ o Precision (per shot) : ++++++++++++ o Reloading : 2 seconds o Riflescope : 4x, 8x or 16x adjustable zooming \- **Noreen « Bad News » ULR 338 :** o Cost : 800 Z-coins o Inventory space : 30% o Caliber : 338 lapua mag o Capacity : 10 rounds o Damage (per shot) : 600 o Rate : 120 RPM (semi) o Range : ++++++++++++ o Recoil (per shot): +++ o Precision (per shot): ++++++++++++ o Reloading : 2 seconds o Riflescope : 4x, 8x or 16x adjustable zooming o Laser o Foregrip \- **Milkor MGL** o Cost : 800 Z-coins o Inventory space : 30% o Caliber : 40x46 NATO o Capacity : 6 rounds o Damage (per shot) : 1000 at impact then decreases by half every 1 meter o Rate : 120 RPM (semi-auto) o Range : ++ o Recoil (per shot) : ++++++ o Precision (per shot) : + o Reloading : 1 round per second # 7.1.5 Ammo \- **45ACP :** o Cost (per round) : 1 Z-coin o Inventory space : 0,1% o Damage : 100 \- **9mm :** o Cost (per round): 1 Z-coin o Inventory space : 0,1% o Damage : 100 \- **357mag :** o Cost (per round): 2 Z-coin o Inventory space : 0,2% o Damage : 200 \- **5.56 OTAN :** o Cost (per round) : 2 Z-coin o Inventory space : 0,2% o Damage : 200 \- **7.62 OTAN :** o Cost (per round) : 3 Z-coin o Inventory space : 0,3% o Damage : 300 \- **338 Lapua mag :** o Cost (per round) : 6 Z-coin o Inventory space : 0,6% o Damage : 600 \- **Calibre 12 :** o Cost (per round) : 3 Z-coin o Inventory space : 0,6% o Damage : 1200 (24x50) \- **40x46 OTAN :** o Cost (per round) : 25 Z-coin o Inventory space : 2,5% o Damage : 1000 at impact then decreases by half every 1 meter # 7.1.6 Launching weapons \- **Grenades :** o Cost : 50 Z-coins o Inventory space : 5% o Damage : 1000 at impact then decreases by half every 1 meter \- **Cocktail Molotov** o Cost : 50 Z-coins o Inventory space : 5% o Damage : 1000 o Range : 10 square meters during 25 seconds o Can be used to reload the chainsaw and the flamethrower \- **Claymore mine :** o Cost : 50 Z-coins o Inventory space : 5% o Damage : 1000 at impact then decreases by half every 1 meter \- **C4** o Cost : 50 Z-coins o Inventory space : 5% o Damage : 1000 at impact then decreases by half every 1 meter o Remotely activated # 7.2. Other accessories Very useful even if they can’t be used as weapons. They also have a certain price but some won’t take extra inventory space. \- **GPS :** o Cost : 250 Z-coins o Inventory space : 0 o Enable players to locate themselves and their allies on the map \- **Radio :** o Cost : 250 Z-coins o Inventory space : 0 o Enable players to use the microphone to comunicate \- **Bulletproof vest:** o Cost : 500 Z-coins o Inventory space : 0 o Divide damages by 2 \- **Morphin :** o Cost : 100 Z-coins per injection o Inventory space : 5% per syringe o Every injection virtually and temporally restores health by multiplying by 2 the remaining health. Morphin only suppresses symptoms without bringing back the real health that has been lost. # 8. Conclusion The beginning of a game is pretty similar to a regular multiplayer deathmatch where players will confront each other in a guerilla atmosphere between sniper duels and bloody ambushes. The winners of those first combats will earn the privilege to loot their opponents’ equipment in order to constitute a precious stock to help them face the following events. Meanwhile, the first zombie controlled by AI will start to attack the survivors before being joined by the rest of the growing horde as one zombie killed will instantly give birth to two new other zombies. Survivors will further tend to retreat inside the ruins of the central zone, progressively switching to weapons more efficient in close combat, especially when ammo will start to run dry. Tension will then rise in intensity to reach its climax when half of the survivors will be turned into zombies and it won’t fall until the remaining survivors eliminate definitely all the zombies on the map... If they ever succeed to do so. The gaming experience also gets a lot more interesting when it comes to deal with conflictual interests. While playing survivor, getting your opponents infected as soon as possible will minimise the number of AI-zombies to eliminate at the end of the game and thus increasing your chances to win. On the other hand, sparing other players and teaming up with them insures a better protection against hostile groups rather than remaining isolated. Turns out that joining the zombie team at an early stage also leads to more gains in case of a zombie win. However, switching to the zombie team too quickly will make victory more difficult as the AI-zombie horde wil be less numerous and easier for survivors to take down. In other words, the longer survivors will resist before half of them turn into zombies, the harder it will be for them to keep on resisting afterwards in order to win the game.",1557262221
bm1y6a,澳洲留学挂科买文凭学历毕业证书|办墨尔本大学毕业证UM毕业证Q/微2026614433成绩单学历认证The University of Melbourne,"办毕业证,咨询微/Q:2026614433，办理毕业证,毕业证书,成绩单,毕业证,学历认证,真实可查教育部认证,毕业证,美国毕业证,美国文凭,澳洲文凭毕业证,英国毕业证,英国文凭,加拿大文凭毕业证,新西兰毕业证,法国毕业证,德国毕业证,真实毕业证,高仿毕业证,美国大学毕业证,澳洲大学毕业证,新西兰毕业证,英国毕业证,真实毕业证，高仿毕业证，美国大学毕业证，澳洲大学毕业证，新西兰毕业证，英国毕业证。 留学挂科怎么拿到毕业证？不能毕业如何拿到毕业证？哪里可以买到毕业证？国外学历证书，国外文凭，国外大学毕业证。 作用： 1:给父母亲戚朋友看下，有个交代让他们放心，这方面完全没有问题 2：国内工作使用，外企，私企，民营这些单位都ok 3：也算是给国外留学生涯画上一个句号。 &amp;#x200B; 诚招各地校园代理，毕业证等全材料都可以操作，有兴趣的朋友可以咨询，收入优厚 &amp;#x200B;  【公司业务】  办理加拿大、澳洲、英国、新西兰等各大学毕业证及成绩单。从防伪到印刷，从水印到钢印，高精仿度几乎跟学校相似！让您绝对满意。（仿真程度高达100%。）  【办理流程】 一：收集好客户办理需要的信息  二：客户预付30%定金后，根据客户的信息帮客户先办理电子图，发给客户核对。  三：电子图确定无误后，制作实物，实物ok后，视频或者照片和客户核对实物  四：实物确定ok后，结算70%的余款，根据客户提供的地址快递给客户（国内发顺丰隔天到，国外DHL3-4天到）",1557297699
bm2e12,加拿大真实使馆认证/约克大学毕业证咨询Q微信790042814买加拿大学历文凭YU毕业证成绩单本科硕士学位证/留信网认证/真实学历认证/回国人员证明/教育部留服认证York University毕业证成绩单,"**加拿大真实使馆认证/约克大学毕业证咨询Q微信790042814买加拿大学历文凭YU毕业证成绩单本科硕士学位证/留信网认证/真实学历认证/回国人员证明/教育部留服认证York University毕业证成绩单**&lt;如删除请点开网页快照&gt;Q微信790042814办理毕业证成绩单、留信网认证、真实使馆及教育部学历认证（诚招代理）（网上可查，实体公司，专业可靠） 【新鑫教育咨询实体公司】留学生归国服务中心面向美国英国澳洲加拿大留学生提供以下服务: 1.毕业证成绩单/留信网认证/使馆认证/教育部认证/雅思托福成绩单/学生卡。 2.留信网认证(留学生入职、提干、定岗、加薪、升职、评定等级是使用) 3.真实使馆认证(即留学回国人员证明,不成功不收费) 4.真实教育部学历学位认证（教育部留学服务中心、官网永久存档可查） 5.办理各国各大学文凭，从防伪到印刷，从水印到钢印烫金，与学校100%相同。 6.一对一专业服务,可全程监控跟踪进度。 —————————————————————————————————— 如果您处于以下几种情况： ◇在校期间，因各种原因未能顺利毕业,拿不到官方毕业证 ◇面对父母的压力，希望尽快拿到； ◇不清楚认证流程以及材料该如何准备； ◇回国时间很长，忘记办理； ◇回国马上就要找工作，给用人单位提供； ◇企事业单位必须要求办理的 ◇需要报考公务员、购买免税车、落转户口 ◇申请留学生创业基金 —————————————————————————————————— 办理假毕业证在国内能用吗Q\\微信790042814挂科拿不到毕业证怎么办Q\\微信790042814毕 业证丢了怎么办Q\\微信790042814没有正常毕业怎么办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814没毕业可 以办学历认证吗Q\\微信790042814您是否因为中途辍学、挂科而没有正常毕业Q\\微信790042814您是否因为递交材料不齐而被拒之门外Q\\微信790042814您是否因没正常毕业而导致回国得不到教 育部认证Q\\微信790042814在校挂科了不想读了、成绩不理想怎么办Q\\微信790042814找工 作没有文凭怎么办Q\\微信790042814办理本科/研究生文凭Q\\微信790042814有本科却要求硕士又怎么办Q\\微信790042814办理本科/硕士毕业证Q\\微信790042814网上买文凭可靠吗Q\\微信790042814买国外文凭质量Q\\微信 790042814国外本科毕业证怎么办理Q\\微信790042814国外大学文凭高仿真制作Q\\微信790042814办国外文凭可找工作Q\\微信790042814怎么办理国外假毕业证Q\\微信790042814哪里可以制作毕业证Q\\微信790042814美国哪里可以办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814澳洲 哪里可以办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814留学生在哪里买毕业证Q\\微信790042814加拿大哪里 可以办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814诚信办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814申请学校办理成绩单Q \\微信790042814办理水印成绩单Q\\微信790042814办理悉尼大学成绩单Q\\微信790042814多伦多办理成绩单Q\\微信790042814修改成绩单GPAQ\\微信790042814修改成绩 单分数Q\\微信790042814办理多大成绩单Q\\微信790042814如何拿到国外毕业证Q\\微信790042814快速拿到国外文凭Q\\微信790042814快速办理国外毕业证Q\\微信790042814假毕业证能查出来吗Q\\微信790042814假文凭网上能查到吗 国外文凭成绩单留学回国证明毕业证成绩单qq微信790042814咨询毕业证样本|办理本科文凭｜硕士毕业证|代办国外高仿文凭毕业证国外文凭成绩单留学回国证明毕业证成绩单qq微信790042814咨询毕业证样本|办理本科文凭｜硕士毕业证|代办国外高仿文凭毕业证国外文凭成绩单留学回国证明毕业证成绩单qq微信790042814咨询毕业证样本|办理本科文凭｜硕士毕业证|代办国外高仿文凭毕业证 ——————————————————————————————————",1557301296
bm1mkq,"原版DU文凭迪肯大学毕业证Q/微信790042814“办澳洲DU毕业证成绩单学历学位认证,使馆认证,真实教育部认证Deakin University","**原版DU文凭迪肯大学毕业证Q/微信790042814“办澳洲DU毕业证成绩单学历学位认证,使馆认证,真实教育部认证Deakin University**&lt;如删除请点开网页快照&gt;Q微信790042814办理毕业证成绩单、留信网认证、真实使馆及教育部学历认证（诚招代理）（网上可查，实体公司，专业可靠） 【新鑫教育咨询实体公司】留学生归国服务中心面向美国英国澳洲加拿大留学生提供以下服务: 1.毕业证成绩单/留信网认证/使馆认证/教育部认证/雅思托福成绩单/学生卡。 2.留信网认证(留学生入职、提干、定岗、加薪、升职、评定等级是使用) 3.真实使馆认证(即留学回国人员证明,不成功不收费) 4.真实教育部学历学位认证（教育部留学服务中心、官网永久存档可查） 5.办理各国各大学文凭，从防伪到印刷，从水印到钢印烫金，与学校100%相同。 6.一对一专业服务,可全程监控跟踪进度。 —————————————————————————————————— 如果您处于以下几种情况： ◇在校期间，因各种原因未能顺利毕业,拿不到官方毕业证 ◇面对父母的压力，希望尽快拿到； ◇不清楚认证流程以及材料该如何准备； ◇回国时间很长，忘记办理； ◇回国马上就要找工作，给用人单位提供； ◇企事业单位必须要求办理的 ◇需要报考公务员、购买免税车、落转户口 ◇申请留学生创业基金 —————————————————————————————————— 办理假毕业证在国内能用吗Q\\微信790042814挂科拿不到毕业证怎么办Q\\微信790042814毕 业证丢了怎么办Q\\微信790042814没有正常毕业怎么办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814没毕业可 以办学历认证吗Q\\微信790042814您是否因为中途辍学、挂科而没有正常毕业Q\\微信790042814您是否因为递交材料不齐而被拒之门外Q\\微信790042814您是否因没正常毕业而导致回国得不到教 育部认证Q\\微信790042814在校挂科了不想读了、成绩不理想怎么办Q\\微信790042814找工 作没有文凭怎么办Q\\微信790042814办理本科/研究生文凭Q\\微信790042814有本科却要求硕士又怎么办Q\\微信790042814办理本科/硕士毕业证Q\\微信790042814网上买文凭可靠吗Q\\微信790042814买国外文凭质量Q\\微信 790042814国外本科毕业证怎么办理Q\\微信790042814国外大学文凭高仿真制作Q\\微信790042814办国外文凭可找工作Q\\微信790042814怎么办理国外假毕业证Q\\微信790042814哪里可以制作毕业证Q\\微信790042814美国哪里可以办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814澳洲 哪里可以办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814留学生在哪里买毕业证Q\\微信790042814加拿大哪里 可以办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814诚信办理毕业证Q\\微信790042814申请学校办理成绩单Q \\微信790042814办理水印成绩单Q\\微信790042814办理悉尼大学成绩单Q\\微信790042814多伦多办理成绩单Q\\微信790042814修改成绩单GPAQ\\微信790042814修改成绩 单分数Q\\微信790042814办理多大成绩单Q\\微信790042814如何拿到国外毕业证Q\\微信790042814快速拿到国外文凭Q\\微信790042814快速办理国外毕业证Q\\微信790042814假毕业证能查出来吗Q\\微信790042814假文凭网上能查到吗 国外文凭成绩单留学回国证明毕业证成绩单qq微信790042814咨询毕业证样本|办理本科文凭｜硕士毕业证|代办国外高仿文凭毕业证国外文凭成绩单留学回国证明毕业证成绩单qq微信790042814咨询毕业证样本|办理本科文凭｜硕士毕业证|代办国外高仿文凭毕业证国外文凭成绩单留学回国证明毕业证成绩单qq微信790042814咨询毕业证样本|办理本科文凭｜硕士毕业证|代办国外高仿文凭毕业证 ——————————————————————————————————",1557295144
bm1mtl,伪造美国普林斯顿大学毕业证文凭微Q87527357办理美国毕业证成绩单\仿真毕业文凭证书\购买美国毕业证成绩单学历丨代办南加州大学毕业证文凭教育部认证Princeton University,"【如已删请点开网页快照，Q/微信87527357】专业办理美国，加拿大，澳洲，英国等大学毕业证成绩单、留学回国人员证明、教育部学历认证、真实学历认证【诚招代理】 \--------------------------------【留学归国服务中心】 ------------------------- &amp;#x200B; 如果您是以下情况,我们都能竭诚为您解决实际问题: &amp;#x200B; 1、在校期间,因各种原因未能顺利毕业,拿不到官方毕业证; &amp;#x200B; 2、面对父母的压力,希望尽快拿到; &amp;#x200B; 3、不清楚流程以及材料该如何准备; &amp;#x200B; 4、回国时间很长,忘记办理; &amp;#x200B; 5、回国马上就要找工作,办给用人单位看; &amp;#x200B; 6、企事业单位必须要求办理; &amp;#x200B; 【学历顾问：Ava】 QQ/微信号：87527357 &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; ◆◆◆◆◆教育部学历认证◆◆◆◆◆ ◆◆◆◆◆!!!不成功不收费!!!◆◆◆◆◆ ◆◆◆◆◆实体公司,安全放心，可以来公司面谈签订合同◆◆◆◆◆ 【公司付款流程，采用定金+余款的方式，以最大保障您的利益，让您放心无忧】 &amp;#x200B; \------------------ 联系人：Ava QQ/微：87527357-------以上联系方式敬请保留，以备急用!! &amp;#x200B; 办理假毕业证在国内能用吗Q\\微信87527357挂科拿不到毕业证怎么办Q\\微信87527357毕业证丢了怎么办Q\\微信87527357没有正常毕业怎么办理毕业证Q\\微信87527357没毕业可以办学历认证吗Q\\微信87527357您是否因为中途辍学、挂科而没有正常毕业Q\\微信87527357您是否因为递交材料不齐而被拒之门外Q\\微信87527357您是否因没正常毕业而导致回国得不到教育部认证Q\\微信87527357在校挂科了不想读了、成绩不理想怎么办Q\\微信87527357找工作没有文凭怎么办Q\\微信87527357办理本科/研究生文凭Q\\微信87527357有本科却要求硕士又怎么办Q\\微信87527357办理本科/硕士毕业证Q\\微信87527357网上买文凭可靠吗Q\\微信87527357买国外文凭质量Q\\微信87527357国外本科毕业证怎么办理Q\\微信87527357国外大学文凭高仿真制作Q\\微信87527357办国外文凭可找工作Q\\微信87527357怎么办理国外假毕业证Q\\微信87527357哪里可以制作毕业证Q\\微信87527357美国哪里可以办理毕业证Q\\微信87527357澳洲哪里可以办理毕业证Q\\微信87527357留学生在哪里买毕业证Q\\微信87527357加拿大哪里可以办理毕业证Q\\微信87527357诚信办理毕业证Q\\微信87527357申请学校办理成绩单Q\\微信87527357办理水印成绩单Q\\微信87527357办理悉尼大学成绩单Q\\微信87527357多伦多办理成绩单Q\\微信87527357修改成绩单GPAQ\\微信87527357修改成绩单分数Q\\微信87527357办理多大成绩单Q\\微信87527357如何拿到国外毕业证Q\\微信87527357快速拿到国外文凭Q\\微信87527357快速办理国外毕业证Q\\微信87527357假毕业证能查出来吗Q\\微信87527357假文凭网上能查到吗",1557295200
bc25ve,A racing game where players compete to get the last parking spot across town in a ruthless Battle Royale musical chairs format with brutal collision physics,,1555001334
bbnm39,"VR ""Where's waldo"" esque game where you are given a description and must move through a crowd and find the person","Different factors would limit how easy it is to find him, like loud noises, flahsing lights, disguise. Maybe you would need to check id on them",1554911526
bdiczc,"Request to have a ""mechanic"" flair for posts on this subreddit","I sometimes get ideas for a gimmick or mechanic that doesn't work as a game in it's own right, but still want feedback on them. I feel like if this niche was big enough it could be its own separate subreddit, but I also don't think the discussion of individual mechanics is so far removed from r/gameideas' core ideals that it would feel out of place on this subreddit. &amp;#x200B; I think adding a ""mechanic"" tag would encourage discussion on this topic by showing that it's an option for discussion. Whether or not that would be beneficial to r/gameideas is a decision better left to the mods and community on this subreddit, I'm just putting my two cents in.",1555347220
b9scz1,A game where only you can see the monsters and the townsfolk will stop helping you if you aren’t careful.,"I’m thinking the game would be pretty 2D, probably with pixel art instead of anything detailed. The town is small, maybe only a handful of residential houses and then you have your general blacksmith/potion maker etc. There are monsters coming from most places around town; from mountains and maybe a forest and caves and stuff. If there’s a story element, your character’s goal would be to stop all the monsters and save the town forever. Maybe an endless mode too. If the townsfolk see you fighting the monsters (to them you’re just swinging a sword/shooting arrows at thin air) then they’ll become distrustful of you, getting nervous, raising prices or perhaps not selling things to you. If they become too distrustful, they’ll drive you out of town and it’ll be game over. I hope you like the idea :)9@",1554476954
bigi4y,Cleaning up the post apocalypse.,"Games like stardew valley, and harvest moon are pretty chill and relaxing. And after dozens of hours you get to look back on what you've done. The farm you've built, the tools you've earned and the relationships you've made. Games like Fallout have this big ugly mess of a world that was once alive, that is also beautifully somber. Wouldn't it be nice to clean it up? Clear the clutter, re-use the materials, give life to vegetation, build civilization for hours on end. And after awhile you can look back in satisfaction at what you've accomplished. Fallout 4 has this on a small scale, but ideally this game would be entirely based around the calm nature of cleaning, recycling, and rebuilding. The game would be aesthetically similar to The Last Guardian but in a Fallout style world. I got the idea from playing House Flipping Simulator in which you do a lot of throwing away trash, cleaning messes, and building walls or furniture. It'd be a pretty casual game for anyone to play and relax. Clean some junk, feed some animals, plant some trees, build a fence or something, I dunno. God I wish I knew how to make games, and also had the focus to learn new things. All I could do is concept art.",1556488025
bdzkgu,"You are a band of goblins and must stop a group of adventurers from completing their quests by scouting, ambushing, and trapping them along their way","The game starts by introducing a set of randomly generated adventurers (think maybe 4, warriors, rangers, wizards, paladins, etc.) then it shows your their quest. Their quest might be to deliver something to a town, or find an artifact in a cave, or defeat some evil character. After you see their quest, you are taken to the map, which shows their path. Your resources are goblins, supplies that you can collect by dedicating goblins to salvage on a turn, etc.. You can declare a certain number of goblins to do a task in a turn, such as attacking the adventurers, looting villages for more resources, or building traps. Each day, the adventurers advance on their path towards their goal, and you are shown updates; you are also shown updates to your own actions (+resources, trap completes, adventurer killed, etc.) The game ends when you kill the group, or they beat you and finish their quest.",1555450644
bajaj1,"Bad Game Idea: A backyard baseball sequel where all the kids are now adults who pressure thier kids in performing above their talent level in little league baseball, except Pablo, who is a good dad.",,1554661205
bhjosp,A game where you solve a murder by dying and restarting,"Similar to the animes Erased and Re: Zero. This would pit a young protagonist against a serial killer. The killer's identity would he shrouded in mystery, so he'd need to investigate to find it. If the protagonist dies, he restarts the same day, fully healed but aware of his death. As he dies more, his mental state may start to shift, causing the choices he makes and the ending to change.",1556264843
bjfhs8,Horror Game Idea,"Just a quick idea that I had. Your perspective would be through security cameras.. You'd play a security guard - who is trying to get NPC's through a horror maze of some sort using dialogue options trying to keep them out of danger (hiding, running away, locking doors) Everytime a NPC encounters the monster(s) - they stop trusting you and may act erratically (running down the hallway) or start having suicidal thoughts eventually turning insane. Your objective would be to get a certain amount of people through the horror maze - as well as learning why you and the other people are there (aka some sort of lore) Any feedback would be appreciated.",1556706115
bh0074,Kill The Chef,"The setting is a kitchen. You play as a random small object in the kitchen, be it an oven, a piece of food, a cabinet, or even cutlery. These objects can move in specific ways, such as sliding or rolling if you’re a small object, and maybe only opening or closing if you’re something large like a cabinet or oven. The goal of the game is to kill the chef in the kitchen. You *should* go about this stealthily, although the game wouldn’t just end if he spotted you. You, as the object in the kitchen, move around and use the environment, and your specific object qualities, to try to cleverly and quietly kill the chef. Maybe if you’re a tomato, you roll under his foot, and make him slip and crack his head on the corner of the countertop. If you’re an oven, maybe you slam the door to make him notice it and walk over, and then clamp shut on his head or something. There will multiple people in one kitchen at a time, all trying to kill the chef without being noticed. I imagine teams of people cleverly working together to kill the chef, or it could be a competition between a few people.  At the end, when he’s killed, the game is replayed on a security camera screen. The idea is that it’s a funny/creepy security tape of a chef being killed by kitchenware. What do you think?",1556139964
bhrdav,"A 10 v 10 FPS except you do not know who is on you’re team. There are no gamertags, no skins, nothing to differentiate players other than communication. Friendly fire? On.","The idea is that it is a small map with 20 players. 10 players on red team and the other 10 on blue. There is no teamchat, meaning that you can’t privately tell your team who you are. If you run into another player, you can lie and say you’re part of the opposite team, you can agree to carry on with your day, or obliterate anyone you see. If you kill a teammate you will be eliminated from play unless you have already killed an enemy. Killing an enemy gives you an extra life that prevents you from facing the teamkill penalty (only once!). The last team standing/team with the most amount of players win.",1556312303
bd93ni,"A ""city building""-like game where you rebuild the failing internal systems of a person in poor health, and make them mega healthy","You would control upgrades through the brain (such as diet habits, exercise habits, mindset etc.) but you'd have to hit certain requirements beforehand. You would distribute muscle and hormone ""buildings"" that you think would meet your brain goals or unlock things. External events like tornados and earthquakes would come in the form of life events (like breakups or sickness) which you would need to mitigate.",1555284417
bd3ora,A top-down melee game where you play as a soul of a necromancer and use various dead bodies to retrieve your own body from the god of death.,"The game would be a single player top-down, set up in 2D pixel art with a focus on dark palette and murky mood. The world is kind of medieval times where any act of magic etc. is considered a heresy. You've obtained a power to resurrect the dead which isn't cool for a God so he has split your soul and body and sent a bunch of priests to take and sacrifice your body in the act of the revenge. Your default form is ""soul"" and the NPC's can't see you. You can use dead bodies to jump into them and become vulnerable to the world. In your soul form you're vulnerable to the God's power and his forces. There are various of dead body types you can use on your way to retrieve your lost body.",1555254600
bgvj47,Gordon Ramsay: and the search for the lamb sauce,"You play as Gordon Ramsay navigating a large and dangerous mase full of bad cooks, horrible restaurant owners and delusional hotel owners all hunting down Gordon while he trying to locate lamb sauce. When you get closer to the lamb sauce the enemies start to move faster and Gordon moves slower. If you get caught you will die and start over",1556117437
bfq5s5,Mario Maker but for Frogger Levels,,1555861694
bh6zr0,Everything that you touch will rot,"This is the Anti-Midas story: A puzzle game about being dealt the most rotten hand by life, but striving to become a hero instead of succumbing to fate. &amp;#x200B; At the start of the game, you are cursed by a wizard for being a dick. He says you are to never feel human touch again. Now you’re walking in the forest; the ground around your feet becomes grey and lifeless, cracking apart as you walk on them. Famished, you try to pick up fruits to eat, but they rot. You faint from the hunger. You wake up to see a kind old woman who generously feeds you. She gives you a pair of magic gloves, which helps you hold things. You can now toggle between gloved and bare hands. The woman tells you to rest at her cottage before it’s dark. That night, you wake up to her screams, and find bandits looting the place. They kill the old woman. You lunge at them. &amp;#x200B; Your goal in the game is to avenge your savior, and find the wizard in order to force him to resurrect her. You gain temporary items like boots, helmet and weapons which slowly fall apart. Combat is simple, you try to touch the opponent before their weapon reaches you (I think VR is good for this kind of combat). You can also fight using your wit, for example touching the rope on a hanging bridge to make it fall. The game will also focus on story-based puzzles, like making a tree rot and fall over to get across obstacles, or poisoning people with your virus.",1556188095
bfevqb,Wii sports vr,So you know that game in wii sports resort where you fight with swords and fall in the water? yeah! imagine that in vr.,1555782135
bgjxxo,An open world game where you are given a grappling hook to complete missions,"The mechanics of the grappling hook would be pretty simple. Maybe you can break windows (either by shooting your grapple at them or smashing them with momentum) and do take downs by grappling into an enemy. I personally think that this game would do best with low-polygons. There would be no big story; maybe just a reason to why you are killing your enemies. Missions would not be too important, they would just give you more objectives to complete. I have no intention of creating this myself so do what you want with it/change it however you want.",1556044543
bej46t,"A dating sim without anyone to date... so you feel forever alone. (hear me out, though)","So this is a satirical dating sim in which any girls you try to confess to will immediately and brutally shoot you down. ### The unique dialogue system. This game features a ""derail"" dialogue system in which you can steer the game's scripted conversations. After every line of dialogue, you can choose to continue the current conversation route if you like where it seems to be going, or you can instead try to change the subject and move to a different conversation route if you don't like where the current one is going. In either case, your character talks just as much as the other person so that it feels like an actual conversation rather than NPCs spewing lines at you. Conversations either end naturally or when you both run out of things to talk about. Why is it like this? Because these girls suuuuuuuuck. They're designed to be cute but extremely one-dimensional. Your conversations with them are meant to make you want to end them early. **All** the girls in this game will reject you. You can try to reload your latest save to do things differently all you want, but no matter what you try, they will turn you down in the most heinous ways possible. The game keeps track of how often you reload and will subtly alter your character to look shlubbier the more you do it. These and other methods are used to dissuade the player from attempting confessions. ### There's one saving grace, though: There's one NPC that is written to be genuine, intriguing and three-dimensional... but she's the game's non-courtable shopkeeper NPC. You can't date or even confess to her. Still, her witty dialogue, expressive nature and interesting personal stories are enough to keep you coming back to talk to her even when you don't have anything to buy. At the start she is simply cordial, but as you continue to speak with each other she starts opening up more. Even your character starts revealing things he never does to the other girls. In the end, if you continue this route, you'll get the ability to confess to her as well.",1555576219
bitfun,Reach the surface,"It would be really cool to see a game a bit like subnautica and space engineers where you're stuck at the bottom of an ocean in some diving bell bunker thing, and have to reach the surface by extending lines from your oxygen and power generator. It could have a seasons mechanic where different fish come araund at different seasons. Maybe some whales during a part of their migration. Another intresting part would be that during winter the top of the water froze, so you had to wait until it melted or you could mine through straight to the top. Hope i was understandable and sorry for any spelling problems, cause english is not my first language.",1556565280
bed8a1,Trying to think of an original antagonist for the horror game I'm working on,"I got my idea all set, I just don't know what the antagonist should be... I want to figure out an antagonist that isn't meant to be scary, but still scares people... (ex. Clowns, Animatronics, Dolls) I just don't know what to do... Here's my idea for the story: You play as a indie game dev, you just finished up the game you're developing (NAME W.I.P) and turn in for the night. Suddenly, you're woken out of your sleep by a old dial-up noise coming from your office. You go down to investigate and turn on the lights, and then your PC monitor is filled with static. The lights start flickering and two glowing eyes appear in the static. Then the power cuts, and the antagonist from the game the protagonist was making enters the real world, and you have to survive. (Still working on win conditions) Any thoughts?",1555536190
bj2d72,32 player chess game.,"A chess game where each player controls a chess piece. During each turns, players will vote on which piece to move (with a countdown) and what player will move. Simple idea but chaotic.",1556624998
biq5yj,Serious question,if I were to take an idea from here and make it into a functional game. And then published it. And made some revenue out of the game. Is there a possibility of ending in legal issues? And the other way around. If someone stole my idea and made a huge profit would it be possible to claim it in a courtroom?,1556548433
bg5ybf,Horror game concept for a college project,"I wanted to focus my game idea around mental health. This was to raise awareness for it and I thought it wasn’t shown enough in the gaming community. The story is of the horror genre and follows a man who had a horrible upbringing, full of abuse and neglect. Due to this he had major trust issues, later on in life he bagged himself a good job and was on high pay. He had one friend that didn’t understand what he was going through. He felt the alone though due to his trust issues. This lead to depression and he tried to take his own life via hanging, his “friend” finds him and takes him down just before death, but the lack of oxygen to the brain put him in a coma. In the coma he is put in an endless corridor (PT inspired). There is a lot of doors, in each room there is a certain memory or fear that he has to overcome, once he overcomes them all he will be able to escape his coma. I was wondering if anyone had any suggestions or feedback on my idea so I could improve it. I also wanted opinions on if the mental health aspect was actually shown in the game and was apparent enough for it to create awareness for the issue. Thanks",1555959809
bkemev,Just an idea I have.,"Now, I know this will NEVER be made unless I magically got the money to run the magical money sinks called free to play mmo's, but I can dream right? Yes, I am writing and will probably, if i feel like dreaming more, do all the sprites and tiles for a game that will never be made, gives me something more to do than work, play a game, sleep, repeat. Some of this might be a bit out of order, sorry. # Classes First off so far what I have is three classes, Warrior, Mage, Archer. Typical classes you always see. In PvP each class has a preferred match up, but is not limited to that match up. The way I made this so far is, Archer &gt; Warrior &gt; Mage &gt; Archer. Archers deal sustained piercing damage which is strong against armor, They use their range and slows to have the advantage over a warrior. Archers use stamina for skills. Warriors deal strong physical damage and have high health and resistance to magic. They can easily close the gap between themselves and a mage. Warriors use Rage for skills. Mages deal burst magic damage and their barrier decreases piercing damage received. They slightly out range Archers and can lock them down with freezing spells if needed. Mages use mana for skills. # Battle System The battle system is where it gets interesting though. It is the usual target enemy, press skill button but, you can swap classes any time. It has a 2 second cooldown. Find yourself in a pinch as a mage, switch to a warrior or archer in an attempt to turn the tables. If you run out of your classes skill resource, switch to another class to regenerate it faster. The classes do not have the same amounts of health, but when you switch you keep the same percentage. EX. Warrior 25/100 hp switches to mage 12/50 hp. Skills are balanced around this play style. Heal has a somewhat longer cool down that what you would be used to in other games. This is because you heal a flat amount but since a mage has low health, your warrior class hp will take a huge heal. # Leveling Leveling in this game would be quite fast, level 1 - 70 in about 3 hours, because of an ""interesting"" concept. When you die in Open World PvP, PvE, Hard mode Dungeons and Raids, your level is reset to 1. Your level is not reset if you die in a Duel, Arena, Solo Dungeon or Easy Dungeon. This of course comes with the question, what about PvP campers. There is a limit to PvP. A level 10 can not attack lower than a level 8 unless they attack them first, and maybe a level 70 can go as low as 65. It has not been fleshed out as much yet. Exp is gained though both PvE and PvP but you get a bounty put on you if you PvP alot. Leveling will not say the same speed though out though. EX. You hit level 20 and die. you now have a permanent 2x exp boost for levels 1-20. It increases with each level up to the level cap, where you would get a permanent 2.5x exp boost. You do not lose access to any skills you learn from level up, but they are scaled down to lower tiers. Gear is level based, but there will be a way to set up multiple sets to auto equip on levels. Monsters do drop EXP potions and there are Craftable Level potions to make it easier as the game goes on. # Gear Gear is level based, so you can not equip level 70 gear at level 1. There is how ever a system to put your sets of gear to be auto equipped at certain levels. You do need to get your gear first though. Your gear does change in appearance and stat wise based on your class. If you have a sword that has +5 strength on it, when you change to a mage, it becomes a staff with +5 intelligence or a bow with +5 dexterity if you switch to Archer. There are multiple tiers of gear. Common are dropped by over world monsters. Uncommon are dropped by named monsters. Rare are dropped by World Bosses. Epic are dropped in Easy Dungeons. Legendary are dropped in Hard Dungeons. Mythic are dropped in Raids. &amp;#x200B; The six tiers are grouped together in pairs. Common and Uncommon both have one stat line, but Uncommon has a higher base damage/defense. Rare and Epic both have two stat lines, but Epic has a higher base damage/defense. Legendary and Mythic both have three stat lines, but Mythic has a higher base damage/defense. # Story Uhh, WiP # PvP PvP has some slight restrictions to keep the game fun and fair. There is no upper limit to who you can attack, but there is a lower limit. EX. A level 70 can not kill a level 5 unless that level 5 attacks them first. The immediate area around a World Boss while it is alive is deemed a no PvP zone while the boss is alive and for one minute afterwards. &amp;#x200B; PvP has a five class bounty system. Class D Bounty; 1- 5 kills. Lasts 10 minutes. Timer resets with each kill. Timer does count in safe zones. Small reward for surviving with or killing one with the bounty. Class C Bounty; 6 - 10 Kills. Lasts 30 minutes. Timer resets with each kill. Timer does count in safe zones. Small reward for surviving with or killing one with the bounty. Class B Bounty; 11 - 15 Kills. Lasts 1 hour. Timer resets with each kill. Timer does not count in safe zones. Medium reward for surviving with or killing one with the bounty. Class A Bounty; 16 - 20 Kills. Lasts 2 hours. Timer resets with each kill. Timer does not count in safe zones. High reward for surviving with or killing one with the bounty. Class S Bounty; 21+ kills. Lasts 4 hours. Timer does not reset with each kill. The player is targetable in safe zones and by any level. EX a level 5 with S bounty can be killed by a level 70. Timer does count down in safe zone as they are not safe. The player can not initiate an attack themselves in a safe zone, they must be attacked first. Very high reward for surviving with or high reward for killing one with the bounty. Surviving an S class bounty requires teamwork, but you need some good friends to not backstab you. &amp;#x200B; I have more but this is already getting to be long. Just out of curiosity would any one here reading this ever play a game like this or am I the only weird one here?",1556924105
bagw97,Quidditch World Cup,"Every year they make another FIFA, Madden, or 2K game. Most years they’re the same game with about $5 of upgrades. Everyone buys these sports game, and they are massively successful. Me and a friend were talking about the trend of sports games when we came up with an idea for a different kind of sports game. A remake/spiritual successor to the 2003 game Harry Potter: Quidditch World Cup. The game wouldn’t follow Harry’s journey at all. I fact besides Easter eggs and references Harry Potter wouldn’t be in the game. There would be three main modes in the game. Career mode would be where you created your own player and went from being MVP at Hogwarts to winning the World Cup. A story mode which would be more linear following Ginny Weasley after the book’s events as she becomes a famous quidditch player. Last but not least, would be the necessary Multiplayer mode. You could customize your player and make him look however you want. You could pick what team he plays for and what house he’s in. The game wouldn’t have a large open world like most HP game ideas. The closet thing it would have is a Training Field where you can practice and new around with friends. Now me and my friend had a heavy debate on what to do about the Snitch since it would be OP in a real game. We decided the best way would be that instead of having the snitch end the game, the game would be on a timer say 8-10 minutes long. The snitch would not always be in the game and in some games never appear. The snitch would act as comeback mechanic and appear if one team is getting decimated. The ref would announce that the Snitch has appeared and both Seekers would go search for it. If you catch the Snitch your team gets 50 points, but the game keeps going. To make the game fun for a seeker they would be able to score with a Quaffle like the Chasers do. We both know nobody on the sub could make this as this is an AAA game idea and would need the rights as well. We just wanted a way to share the dream game we came up with. I know if this was real I would have over 500+ hours on it.",1554648104
bcf0kj,A 2D scrolling platformer where your only weapons are a grappling hook and a flying side kick that you use to kill Shadow of the Collosus-style bosses,"Physics based player movement, speed of the kick determines damage. Many wide sweeping levels with moving obstacles and platforms, grapple on anything that you can stand on, including other enemies. Bosses are Shadow of the Collosus style giants that you climb and kick in the head.",1555083656
beozz4,Level design inside of a sphere,"I figured I'd share this gem &amp; or turd of an idea. &amp;#x200B; Basically, I'd like to eventually figure out how to put a camera inside a sphere, create an inverted gravity that pushes moveable objects (like the player) outward away from the center of the sphere. &amp;#x200B; In short, to create levels that are self contained inside of spheres. I am thinking of top-down movement with the camera either midway between player and center of sphere, or the camera just centered, and rotating on it's 3 axis to follow the player as he moves around on the inside of the face of the sphere. &amp;#x200B; It seems like it could be a technical nightmare, because instead of just saying, hey when I press X, go up -- you'd always have a different direction based on where you were. That is why it is probably a turd idea. What do you guys think?",1555612234
bc1442,Turing test - concept for a MMORPG populated by AIs where human players are a minority,"tl;dr: 1- make an open world with basic rules (can be 2D or 3D and any kind of lore.. it doesn't really matter) 2- program a few AI archtypes that can live in it with the same degree of freedom a player would have, base at least some of their behaviours on numerical parameters 3-populate the world with semi-randomly generated AI players, tweak the numbers to equilibrium 4-open the world to human players, don't provide any built-in method to tell the difference between human and AI from the player perspective 5-profit $$$$ &amp;#x200B; On top of this you could imagine some more systems to increase immersion, none of which are essential to the core idea: \-contracts: you can hire other players, both humans and AIs can submit \-toggle AI behaviour: a human can set his character to ""autopilot"" to fake AI status \-human players can program their own AIs with a semplified system \-both human and AI characters have perma-death \-some AIs can replicate, offspring has values based on parents \-lore: humans are hiding and AIs hunt them (e.g. in-game free chat is there but will trigger AIs ostility) \-human players have hidden powers",1554995983
bj9jo2,Candy Themed FPS,I just wanted to get opinions on a game that my mom and I have been working on for the past 9 months. It's a candy themed FPS. There's going to be around a 10 hour long story with multiple boss battles. There's also going to be a level and story editor with 10 more game modes. This will be my first game so it's pretty ambitious since I am only 16. I know I didn't get into much detail about anything but do you think an idea like this has potential?,1556662823
bcz6ri,I had a dream about a VR game that could honestly be good,"My dream happened last night so I can only remember bits and pieces. But basically it was like this: You’re on the run from the cops. You’re running through some sort of town trying to outgun them or try to sneak from them. You have to always get to the next “checkpoint room” in my dream when you got to the checkpoint room you’d have to destroy stuff (wooden crates, vases, etc.) to find more supplies. It’s up to you to find which checkpoint you wanna go to. You could hit all them in a linear fashion or you could go straight to the more “powerful” checkpoint rooms. The downside to this is that you have more and more cops coming after you. In most checkpoint rooms the resources are scarce. You’d find maybe a round of ammo and some bandages but in some checkpoint rooms you could find a new weapon or something. I don’t know. It was way cooler in my dream but now that I type it out it’s kinda cookie cutter and stupid. I’ve just never had a dream where I was IN a video game ya know?? I just wanted to share it with you.",1555215882
bb8ajo,I’m new to game making but I’ve been working on a cool long-term project,"My game is a turn-based RPG with rhythm oriented combat. The turn-based RPG part is traditional for the most part, similar to mother, octopath traveller, or final fantasy. The unorthodox part is combat. Following a party of 4, you select an action, the effectiveness of which is determined not by an algorithm, but by a segment of DDR-esque rhythm that the player must complete. The game dialogue will be meta and satirical for the most part with very gripping, heart-wrenching parts sprinkled in. I’m basically working on everything solo except music, a pal or two are doing that. I’m learning a little bit of everything along he way and any little bit goes a long way. I’m using Game maker studio 2.",1554818492
bhen6p,Thoughts on a game concept I'm planning to make?,"So I've always wanted to make a fluid hack n' slash game, but I never felt like I was experienced enough to make one. After a few years of making different little games, I think I'm ready to move on to this idea. THE IDEA * Different biomes w/ themed enemies (Ex: A jungle biome with little tree stump turret enemies that can root in place.) * A boss at the end of each biome with interesting mechanics. For the jungle biome, I was thinking of a boss that could spawn thorns around the fighting arena. * One weapon that can morph into many others (Ex: A sword that can be morphed into a double-edged sword, dual swords, etc.) * Fluid combat w/ many options and combos I'm not sure if this idea is enough and would generate interest. Please share your thoughts and suggestions.",1556230430
bjten2,Scientists Fighting Game,"It's a fighting 2d game. You can choose one of famous scientists like Einstein, Newton, Hawking, Tesla etc. Each one uses powers related to their field of study. For example Telsa uses electricity like Raiden. During loading screens you get random scientific facts to learn. Bonus: I don't want to make two posts, but I also have an idea about a fighting game where you play as national stereotypes. For example you have French guy who fights with baguettes, German with lederhosen using beer attacks etc. It would have a wide selection of characters from all over the world, including more obscure countries.",1556793335
bhmaqa,"A telltale like game but instead of choices just impacting other choices and responses, they also change the art style/look of the game.","This game would use storytelling as its main mechanic. I don’t want to include story ideas here, as it is irrelevant, but I know it has to include the main character experiencing some kind of grief or sorrow. So how/why does the art style change? It changes to portray an emotion that the protagonist is feeling. For example: if the character is feeling empty, it might be a blank background with little polygons. If they were feeling angry, it might be grey and gritty and might feel rough. As for the supporting characters? They will make the player feel guilty for choosing to hang out with one over the other. The idea is that you can’t satisfy everyone, and that you must prioritize some more than others. You can’t go back and fix your mistakes. This allows replay-ability. As I say in all of my other posts, I have no intention of making this a reality and that the idea is up for grabs. Take it, change it, do whatever - this is just my idea.",1556285454
bjynj7,An idea for a Resident Evil spin-off game 😱,"I'd LOVE a *RE* spin-off playing the architect of your own elaborate over-the-top buildings (Designing every puzzle, riddle, trap, monster placement, etc), then watching gory hilarity ensue as the terrified players (up to 4-player co-op or 8 member multiplayer) and/or A.I. try to solve them and escape. You can share your creations and play others' online. Creatures, structures, items, levels, and resources would be taken from past games, unlocking more as you earn points. &amp;#x200B; 🧟 **#ResidentEvilMaker** 💀",1556823326
bf0obp,Our first game is now released,"Hello r/gameideas! About a month ago we made a post here were anyone could comment with their game idea and vote on submitted ideas with the promise of releasing the most upvoted game idea as an Android game a month later. Well the time for releasing that game has come! We at Macaroni Studios proudly presents: Pivot! Game idea by u/elheber. Link to [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.macaronistudios.gotm2) This is the first game we’ve ever made in this format/timeframe so it is by far the best game the world has ever seen, but it’s something to start with, and hopefully you like it. // Mickey, Frit and Emil at Macaroni Studios",1555689047
bi0wpn,Spider-Man gladiator,"Had a fever dream about this game. 5v5 or something where everyone has Spider-Man like powers (web slinging, wall climbing) Play in a huge closed off arena built for web slinging. Players get health penalties for being on the ground too long. Players can pick up weapons and power ups that float in the air. Also everything is Tron themed. Also no reference to Spider-Man characters.",1556383241
bk98h1,A game about building transportation and logistical networks,"This is a game that exists as a top-down view of a map. What you need to do is find ways to move goods that you receive as contracts from one place to another. That's the essential bit of the game. To expand on this further, you are a new logistics business within a city. You only have a few trucks with drivers to your name and need to find contracts for your trucks to fill to make money. You have to pay the truck drivers their wages, deal with insurance companies, pay for the upkeep of the trucks and such things. Once you have assigned a truck driver to a route they carry out the delivery with no further instruction needed. To do this well you need to schedule your drivers on their shifts to ensure they are driving whenever possible and always making you money. Good scheduling is what would make or break a game. As you gain money you can buy new trucks, fill them with drivers and get them going. As the player completes more contracts with the company, they build trust with that company. This opens more and more contracts. These new contracts would be more valuable and with some at the highest trust levels being permanent contracts where the player has to consistently deliver cargo at specific times. Once the player has achieved a certain level of funds they can begin to expand their networks to other cities in the fictional nation - eventually covering the whole nation. This opens up certain other types of networks like rail, sea, and air networks where they pay to utilise trains, cargo ships, and aeroplanes to carry their cargoes more effectively and efficiently while maintaining a road transportation network. For example, large amounts of cargos can be shipped from a port city, via rail, to another city and then shipped via local truck routes to their destination.",1556894464
b9x3o2,Pinvolleyball - Competitive pinball with two players at opposite ends of a pinball stage.,"This is one of those ideas that I'm 98% sure is already a game somewhere, and hopefully someone is going to tell me about it in the comments below. Still, on the off-chance it's not a game yet, here's the idea: Two players are on opposite ends of a merged, chaotic, fast-paced pinball stage. The center is raised so the ball(s) can never get stuck in the middle. The objective is to outscore your opponent, not necessarily score goals however. The stage layout morphs constantly as special conditions are met, in order to keep the gameplay varied.",1554500721
bk9wub,"Pokemon-like turn based spaceship fighting game where you capture or scrap ships to join your side, taking damage can destroy ships in your swarm, and hitting certain counts of ships in your swarm upgrades your abilities","So the Galaxy is at war. There's a giant Frontline across a multiple star systems. Your job is to orbital-nuke the enemy base. Trouble is: you're the last engineering fleet left after a great battle. Using whatever small weapons you have on your puny ships, you start by jumping small fleets of scouts and scrapping their ships or capturing them to add to your fleet. Eventually you snowball and can take on larger, better equipped fleets. The more ships you accumulate, the better you can fight. Having one missile cruiser unlocks the 'Missile Barrage I' skill, and having five unlocks 'Missile Barrage II' etc.. different types of ships let you use different abilities. Taking damage to your fleet causes damage to the ships, and can destroy them. You always control the fleet as a whole, and not individual ships.",1556898145
bgbuq5,'Generations' - A Space Exploration &amp; City Management,"Core concept: Earth's resources has been consumed, humans are exploring into the stars. Generation ships have been developed, hundreds built, where only a few thousand people are provided passes per ship. You command one, as you leave Earth behind your mission is to guide the generation ship with FTL Engines and travel to distant worlds, gathering resources from planets, asteroids, and moons. Your goal is to find the next Earth to call home, but ultimately your people must survive before they get there. &amp;#x200B; Game play concepts: A lot of the concepts I've just came up with tonight, but I've kind of started to realize it's very much like Frost Punk in space. City Management; primarily keeping hope up, space is dark and distant. Most citizens know they won't make it to the next Earth, however keeping the hope for one generation to eventually make it is going to take work. Resource management, health management, and production to maintain the ship. Real Estate: There's only so much space available on the ship, managing the real estate to provide food, housing, and industry is another primary task to create a balance for your population. Resources: Resources like metals, water, and plant life can change the way your game develops. You can mine stray asteroids, or asteroid clusters for metals to make repairs, build technology, and general well being of citizens. Water is a must, you have water purification systems however they have to be maintained, tanks emptied, etc. Finding water worlds is not rare but not common either. Plants and other things, plants help recirculate oxygen, but plants can take over the arboretum, spread infestations, etc. Animals for fresh food meats, and pets, they can also carry diseases and cause plagues. Space Exploration: Procedural generated galaxy allows you to chart the stars, do scanning missions with scientists to try and find the next place to visit. You have to use fuel to make another jump to the next system, but allows you to be able to find new resources that will help your city thrive. Not all systems have all the resources you need, and your ship may end up stranded if you don't plan and take your time. Sciences and Tech Trees: Tech trees could be maintained with core scientist compliments, as your scientists work they figure out how to better manage resources. Keep the water purifiers running longer, synthesize foods, use exotic materials for new technology. (For example; a plant species discovered on a planet could be found to be a better water filter than current tech.) Laws and additional mechanics: Some additional mechanics can be added like a law system, in order to keep peace, or pacify your people. Many people will end up hopeless and feel there is no meaning, so they take to crime to get that they want. As food and water becomes scarce, riots may start and people will die, proper policing and control of the population may be needed to maintain order. (Population control such as one child per family, to prevent over population...) Work and Jobs system: Many people need work, so maintaining the generation ship will take up a lot of the population, however additional industries can be built to support building of things. Commercial enterprises stood up to handle economic resources. Governing types: Allow capitalism or be completely socialist, or find an equal balance in between. This can be added to the laws and other mechanics. &amp;#x200B; I just thought of all this tonight trying to search for a new game on steam, and ending up empty handed. I would love to see someone use this idea to make something awesome. Please credit me, and I'll also be happy to provide additional concepts and guidance on the game as it's being built.",1555992432
bggog4,"There are no new weapons or armor to find out or upgrade, but versatility is given by the possibility of choosing from a list of characters which are enemies you've killed","2d realtime hack and slash roguelike. You have 4 slots for characters. The first slot is for your main character, the other 3 for enemies you kill. Your main character cannot be replaced, but the others are replaced in a fifo style (first-in, first-out) automatically with every enemy you kill. You can tap 1 to 4 at any time to choose with which character to play with. You cannot add any enemy you kill to the list at any time but you rather have to ""unlock"" enemies that you can add as you progress, to add some sense of achievement to it. Also, you can pick up cards/runes that are one-time upgrades/boosts/spells that remain active for a certain time and then disappear. Since characters have different advantages/disadvantages, you have to choose carefully when to make use of a certain card. For instance, you may kill an enemy that's very powerful but blind. So you may want to use the ""Sight enhance x2"" card and you'll be a badass player since you hit hard and now you can see, until your character is replaced or the card expires. Using that card on some other character though, would be useless, so you have to be careful not to waste opportunities with cards.",1556027812
bfk7fl,A Humans v.s. Zombies Rogulike where you can play as the zombies or survivors.,"This is kind of a culmination of many game ideas I've had, but I think this might actually be good. The game can be played singleplayer or online. In singleplayer mode, anything another player could do is replaced with AI. Before joining a game, the player picks a team to play on: Either Dead or Alive. The ""Dead"" team is Zombies, and the ""Alive"" team is Humans. The player count on each team is mostly in the air, but I'm thinking 16 players per team. If the player is on the Dead team, they get to choose from various mutations for their loadout, and control a small (5-10) swarm of Zombies with those mutations. On the other hand, if the player picks the ""Alive"" team, they choose a loadout from a selection of items they have. The game takes place on a randomly generated map (probably a city, but other themes like a countryside could be options). Spawn points are also random. The goal is for the ""Alive"" team to purge as many Zombies as possible and get to the extraction point, whereas the goal for the ""Dead"" team is to turn as many ""Alive"" players as possible. Every Zombie kill grants a ""Mutation Point,"" which can be used to buy mutations, and each Human kill grants ""Caps,"" which can be used to buy more items. If you're playing on the ""Dead"" team and your whole horde gets killed, you are removed from the game and lose all of your equipped mutations. If you're playing on the ""Alive"" team and get killed by a Zombie, your zombified corpse gets added to the horde that killed you, and if you're killed by something else (e.g. an explosion) your corpse just turns into a wandering Zombie. In both cases, you lose all the items you were carrying. The win condition for the ""Dead"" team is when all of the players have been killed. The win condition for the ""Alive"" team is when all of the Zombies have been killed. If all the ""Alive"" players get to the extraction point, the ""Dead"" team gets an ""extraction"" state - neither a win or loss, but the rewards aren't as good as if you won, and the punishment isn't as bad because you didn't die. When an ""Alive"" player extracts, they also get the ""extraction"" state.",1555813983
bb0m6g,Need help with my simple game idea,"Hello, i need to make a simple game for uni which needs to offer at least 5 minutes of gameplay to the user. So i though of stupid , simple but fun games that keep you hooked. Its a game about a \[character\] that you can move around in a 2d space (camera is above - like snake -) and there are spawners that spawn \[enemies\] that chase you in that space, the \[character\] has to avoid them by running and he has to make them bump on obstacles to eliminate them, as the levels progress spawn time, enemy speed, enemy quantity obviously increases. &amp;#x200B; Simple mechanics, but i think its an interesting and simple idea. WHAT I NEED HELP WITH: &amp;#x200B; 1) Concept / Environment - I need \[character\] and \[enemies\] in a concept i dont want it to be a plain ball being chased by squares from triangle spawners. I want a bit of backstory. 2) More interesting stuff to add in the later levels of the game, for example more traps, or some sort of power up i dunno. &amp;#x200B; Thanks to anyone who reads this through and/or comments their idea(anything you post could help me come up with something). &amp;#x200B; *CHANGES AND/OR SUGGESTIONS ARE VERY WELCOME AS WELL.*",1554765420
bk8ye7,"Life Support- A Dumb Ways to Die-like set of minigames, but the goal is to keep the human body alive.","Art style: It would have simplistic 2d graphics with more saturated and bright colors. Difficulties and mechanics: The game will have various difficulties, like average Joe (easy), athlete (medium), and daredevil (hard). In all difficulties, the challenges will get harder as you progress. There are no ""lives"", but rather a health bar that goes down (and up!) depending how well you do on each challenge. The first and most common minigame will be a timing minigame to get the heart beating, which is similar to the poking a bear with a stick game from Dumb Ways To Die. The next game is for the lungs, which requires blowing in to the mic at certain times. Another game requires dragging different-colored electric signals to their matching-color neurons in the brain. The final game (I can think of) is that you help digest food by lightly shaking your phone to get the food to the stomach acid. Shaking your phone too hard will cause your character to 'lose their lunch' and your health bar will go down. Another key mechanic is that your person could get injured or have a stroke/heart attack. This frantic minigame appears 1 every 25 games on easy mode, 1 every 15 games on medium, and one every 5 games on hard. The kinds of games vary from mending multiple broken bones at once, quickly unblocking arteries by 'flicking' your screen, and tilting your phone to get the blood to the brain. Failing to complete any of these games will result in an instant game over. Thank you for listening to my idea, and feel free leave any suggestions in the comments, or make this a reality through the magic of code.",1556892853
b9p52m,Need help on my eternal terrarium idea,"Hey guys, so I work in a childcare centre and I make my own personal games on the side, I've been trying to think of a game I can bring to work for the kids to play (4-5 years) that I will also enjoy making and playing, so I came up with this idea to manage your own eternal terrarium. If you don't know what a terrarium is real quick it's just an enclosed mini garden basically with its own eco system that grows and sustains on its own. So the gameplay would start with an empty terrarium where you place things like moss, microscopic organisms in water and just small things like that (I'll have to do my research on what grows in terrariums) and as you place them they will naturally grow on their own spreading and getting larger which earns you points that you use to unlock and buy new plants and creatures. And the goal of the game is to develop an entire sustainable ecosystem in your terrarium and unlock all the plant types in a category (rainforest, desert, marsh etc.). Whilst expanding your terrarium you must make sure plants arent using too much oxygen/co2/leaving too much moisture which will kill succulent type plants but also making sure there isn't too much water being used drying out the eco system as well as manage things inside your terrarium that will damage the eco system but are necessary for certain plants and life. There will be a robot in the terrarium ""Terra boy"" who will help you diagnose things wrong in your terrarium by saying small phrases like ""it's getting really hot in here"" etc. The game will have a few different modes so kids mode will not have co2 or anything tricky like that, pretty much just a sandbox terrarium, an easy mode that is more suitable for primary school students where an almost stable eco system is pre generated and the children can play from there. And a regular mode where advanced challenges like pH levels co2:O2 etc. All plays a part in your eco systems life. The game will be generally peaceful and aimed at making a relaxing and positive experience, something to play when you're bored or something for kids to learn about how eco systems work. People will also be able to share their terrariums online with other players. I would like your ideas on how I can expand this idea, any challenges that you can think of or some features that would make the game more enjoyable for longer? Any idea for an endgame? Any help would be great Tia.",1554457551
bidu5i,Any ideas for a survival/resource collection game?,"Recently I've been playing games like Astroneer, Rust, Subnautica and Stardew Valley and it's inspired me to make my own survival type exploration game. The only problem is, I'm not very good with ideas. I've been making games for 5 years so I can handle more intermediate suggestions. I thought I'd post on here to see what others can come up with as I'm just a programmer who's terrible with ideas.",1556473540
be6a08,What are some useful development tools and tips when starting a new project?,"Hi, I'm about to start developing a project in Unity. I might also try to get someone's help too, so It won't be necessary single person project. I would like to get some tips and links to some useful tools that can help me with the development like Trello/Discord etc. Also what should the project document file look like? Thank you for your comments and stopping by.",1555497760
bf9exd,"Suggestions on a ""Crossy-Road"" type game","For my C++ class final project, I wanted to make a ""Frogger""/""Crossy Road"" type arcade game. My coding knowledge is very rudimentary but I can put this together pretty decently. I am using SFML so I have the ability to use simple sprites. My question is, I want to have some sort of deep story to this game. I thought it would be funny if my ""Frogger"" arcade user made the user/person grading the project feel in some way. Does anyone have any ideas of some sad/fulfilling storylines that would work for a multi-level ""Frogger"" type game? Ideas I have thought of so far: \-A game where with each level your character sprite changes to be older and the obstacles you dodge are relevant parts of your life, ending with you as an old man reaching the grave. (So existential I find it pretty funny). \-A game where you are a ghost trying to follow a living loved one. (Would be very difficult as I wouldn't be able to have cut scenes, etc.) Also, I need to have this finished in about a week and a half, so I was planning on just having it be about 5 levels max with very very simple mechanics. I also am a music producer so I was planning on writing a good 8-bit soundtrack for it which wouldn't take long. Thank you! Let me know your ideas! Keith",1555742384
beu04e,20 or so texts to a friend that turned into me dreaming about a my idea for a fortnite/Battle Royale alternative, Perhaps you bang two rocks together and everything caught within the sound waves emanating from where those rocks collided dies? But it takes thousands of years for those sound waves to leave? Imagine you could be a squirrel and walk around there now but in 10 years you could walk in the same spot and be vaporized. Just like an unseen death field. A force field of death. Like you know how the storm closes in on you on fortnite? What did you put the same thing but it came out in the form of a circle spreading outward slowly? so you force all of the players to have to walk around in a ring as opposed to a small circle? What if death started from the center of the map and everyone had to run from it? You could have multiple spots being hit so that people had to run in a tizzy to survive the storm.You would never know which areas would be safe. No camping. Now what if you took it and had every player that dies emanate a circle of Death from their corpse on the map? It would turn fortnite into a very different game. You would have to watch where you killed people. You could cut yourself off from guns and supplies if you weren't careful. And you could use it to cut off large groups of people from getting out alive. It no longer becomes a battle royale. It might force people to work together to survive. And in the grand scheme of things they would have to kill each other anyway. Oh my gosh this sounds great. Forcing individuals to band together to fight against one another and in the end ultimately having to kill each other anyway. So you have the storm explode out of each players corpse slowly. The storm plagues the area as a shadowy black void forever spreading. That way it's impossible to see through it. But if need be you can attempt to traverse the storm to help out players in need. Maybe you could fill the void with custom animations. DLC content mwahaha!! Each player could have a different void Spreading from their corpse. Find the dog tags of your Dead homie in the void and earn an extra life. The great part would be how the game starts. You would either have to be the first person to kill another player or have someone end up dead some other way. depending upon whether the first death is Murder or suicide changes the values of the game mechanics. Perhaps the first killer gets a special perk. Their name above their head but no body because they have torn it into pieces with random massive hitboxes of their skin stretched along the playing field. Maybe you could have the first victim have sight of the entire map including seeing thru the shrouds from beyond the grave. That way it's like the first killer gets their soul torn into pieces for being evil and the first victim gets too haunt them. It makes it so that the first death can help other players cheat in a way but at the same time makes it really difficult to kill the first killer. But at the same time not having a body and having a spread-out hitbox makes it somewhat difficult to kill the first killer. So in a way it's a perk yet a nerf. The first killer gets ripped to pieces but the victim get full sight restored. You could have the first death be a flying camera. Etc etc feel free to build on to my idea.. //Sorry for the crap editing and lack of paragraphs//,1555640435
bjlz9q,experienced dev looking for an android game idea,other stuff: I will make anything interesting this is an android game one idea that can be expanded (for example stuff like temple run angry birds) is better rather than platformers and stuff,1556742185
ba2qpt,Space RTS inspired by Ender's Game.,"Imagine a space RTS game where you and your opponent each have to defend a home planet, and the goal is to wipe out the opposing home planet. Because the planets are light years apart, when you send units to attack your opponent, your units do not arrive for some time. By the time they do arrive, the technology of your units will be 20-50 years behind the defending units. While it may seem impossible to do any damage with technically inferior units, there are many angles from which to attack an planet and you just need to do enough damage to wipe out the planet's major population centers or make the planet uninhabitable, so each time you send units to attack your opponent you're gambling that something will get through to the surface. Like any RTS, you can collect resources, build and command units, acquire upgrades (e.g. ship weapons, ship defense, ship speed, space travel capabilities, etc.). You have two separate screens that you either switch between or can view simultaneously (one screen for your home planet and another for when you attack your opponent's home planet). You have to make decisions whether you want to send a constant stream of units to attack your opponent or if you want to do attacks in big waves. I think one interesting strategic aspect to this game would be the fact that the information you obtain about what your opponent is doing is going to always be outdated, since you see units that they built a few minutes ago rather than most recently. Of course when you attack your opponent, you can see what they're doing currently. If it was not an RTS game where you had to directly control your attacking units, then you could maybe not show your units attacking your opponent so that all information you receive about your opponent's strategy/build is a few minutes behind.",1554543895
ba82l8,Low poly Rome Total War phone game,"Basiacally Rome total war, or even fantasy but melee group based combat where the units are low poly, solid colors and fight in units. There aren't any unit formation fighting app games.",1554579545
bbqj1k,A stealth game where the protagonist is blind...but has ECHOLOCATION,"Right. So I only have the basic idea at the moment but I think there's hidden potential here. The premise is that the protagonist has to sneak into enemy bases, take out the guards, accomplish their mission, and jazz on out, right? Well, that's made more challenging by the fact that the main character is completely blind, so they have no perception of light or anything related to it. They don't know when they're in light or in shadows and can't read signs or documents, including maps. BUT they do have innate echolocation so they can sense and ""image"" their environment at all times, even in perfect darkness, by the use of sound. They can use environmental sounds (such as talking guards) or produce their own at the risk of drawing attention (maybe there's a mid-endgame item that produces ultrasonic pings only you can hear?). I was thinking making it take place around WW2 so it predates the use of sophisticated technology like surveillance/thermal cameras and DNA testing, just so it makes sense why anyone would send a blind operative (even one with echolocation) alone into an enemy base. Kinda like a noir detective/spy game. As such the equipment and tools at your disposal would be limited to those of the time period. You could use a basic pistol (that draws a lot of attention and may overwhelm your echolocation) which you could attach a silencer later on. You could have other tools like single-use electrical proximity mines, a chemical grenade that erases guards' immediate memories, and a very useful smoke grenade that blinds everyone in the room except yourself (useful for a quick escape). The gameplay would be predominantly stealth-focused. Since it would be impossible to tell whether you're in shadows or not, you'd have to observe and listen to all nearby guards at all times (they'd have appropriate alertness states), and maybe some walls/floors are ""transparent"" to sound. Maybe there are optional electrical switches outside buildings or in the basement you can use to throw the lights out, making the guards rely on flashlights or candles. Since you can't read maps you'd have to memorize the level layouts or, my favorite, overhear guard conversations to get an idea of the place. There would be a combat element but your unique circumstance might make that an unwise choice. Any gunfight would quickly incapacitate you, either through sensory overload or by your sheer vulnerability. Gauze and bandages might patch you up a bit but there would be little healing, and heavy body armor would only hinder a spy/detective, so you'd want to stay out of combat as much as possible. You could do stealth kills with a knife or non-lethal takedowns to unsuspecting enemies as alternatives. These are just some ideas I have. Maybe someday I'll make something real out of this. Any and all feedback is appreciated.",1554926000
bhy3yp,Need advice on my idea,"I had an idea for a game where you play as the grim reaper, and guide newly dead people to the afterlife. I don’t know how I could incorporate gameplay into this idea. Maybe a story based adventure / platformer, guiding one specific person to the afterlife over a decently long journey? This game will be small in scope because I am bad.",1556363992
bkbxd2,Tic-Tac-Two - RPG styled multiplayer game.,"Ah, Tic-Tac-Toe. Easily one of the most recognizable games, a classic that's been around for hundreds of years. Although it's beloved and easy to get into, it lacks substance. However, I feel that Tic-Tac-Toe can be something greater. However, what could you possibly do to make a simplistic, turn-based game more complicated? Of course, you expand on the turn-based part of the game and make it an RPG. &amp;#x200B; How it works is simple. Every turn, one of the players selects a space they want to place their symbol (X's or O's) on. However, instead of claiming these squares normally, you'll have to win an RPG battle against your opponent. If you win, you get to keep the square you claimed. However, if you lose, the game will act as if you did nothing that turn, allowing the opponent to claim that space next turn. &amp;#x200B; Of course, you may ask, how will these RPG battles work? Well, to keep from making this too complicated, it'd be only natural to choose one of the simpler RPGs out there; Pokemon. Yes, it can get pretty complex competitively, but in essence it'd be perfect. Imagine if, before each round, you get to choose one of a couple of options for a 'character', which in actuality is how you decide your 'class' in the RPG portion of the game. These characters / classes all have set stats, and 4 different moves; however, the more you play the game, the more optional moves you can unlock for each individual character, allowing for more complex playstyles (stats remain the same for each character, though). (PS; turns in this are seperated by 2 parts. The 'selecting' stage, where you select a space you want to claim, and the 'battle' stage, where you actually battle to claim this). &amp;#x200B; We'd also have to account for the fact that some people might want longer / more intense rounds. To solve this issue, we can make bigger 'maps'. Similarly to how classic Tic-Tac-Toe uses a 3 by 3 'arena', with 9 squares, we can make square maps with various amounts of grid space, spanning from 3x3 to 5x5 for single player matches. &amp;#x200B; Of course, this implies the ability for multiplayer matches. These multiplayer matches would have the ability to have 4 players, P1 being X's, P2 being O's, and P3 and P4 being represented by a Triangle and a Diamond respectively. The multiplayer matches would take place on either a 20x20, 25x25, or 30x30 map. Instead of the normal gameplay, this multiplayer mode would be akin to a turf-war; seeing which player can control more space than the rest. Of course, in this mode, we have 4 player RPG battles, akin to that one thing you do in Pokemon Sun / Moon with the 4 people dukign it out against any of the people there (forgot what this specific thing is called, sorry). &amp;#x200B; Oh, and movement in these 4 player matches is different to that of the 1 v 1s. To account for the turf-war style gameplay, movement in this 4 player mode uses a Fire-Emblem style mechanic. You can start on any space you want; but after that, you can only claim spaces directly touching the ones you already have, in all 8 directions (I'm including Diagonal directions, btw.) &amp;#x200B; This means that a player can tactifully make their way around an opponent, claiming all the spaces around them and trapping them. This makes it more difficult for that player to succeed in the turf-war, as you can't exactly go through someone else's claimed area. Of course, you can still technically make your way through; selecting a space taken by someone else allows you to do another RPG battle, if you win it the space goes unclaimed. After that, you can battle during the next turn, and if you win, you keep it. &amp;#x200B; Sorry if this post didn't make much sense, or if I phrased some of it horribly. I barely had any time to write this, the idea just popped up in my head and I had to get it out these. Anyhow, if you have any suggestions / ideas to improve this one, please let me know.",1556909004
bhhs5v,A realistic multiplayer space sim game,"First you'll get to choose a spaceship for your crew of 20 people, most likely your friends or random people auto matched. Each one of them has a task on their own ranging from repairing the spaceship to giving commands. Each player has a post and a job to do. Such as commander, pilot and etc. The ship can be landed on life size planets which are far away, where other 20 or so people also land for survival. To reach them a spaceship and crew must face many obsacles such as asteroid belts, enemy encounters and etc. Basically the whole idea is 20 player teams maintaining a spaceship which cannot thrive without unity and leadership.",1556249914
bcmo68,Pokemon Rpg BROS,"I've always had an idea for smash Bros and Pokemon style game mashed up into one. I don't know if this is the right sub but I would like people's opinions on why something like this hasn't been made yet, I mean it's two of Nintendo's biggest IPs. Anyways, They could have a Pokemon game that uses a more basic version of smash Bros fighting mechanics. In theory they would be able to fight just like smash but only punch, kick, claw, or bite depending on the type of Pokemon it is. And for their PP moves it would be set to the up, down, left, right, special moves that you could change whenever they learned a new move. I mean they already added a mode in ultimate that gives you hp so it would be possible to somewhat replicate that. I know you would have to go based on lvl and type advantage you would lose more or less HP. I just think it would be cool for the over world to look kinda like let's go but the battles to be more ADVANCED now like smash but not heavily relying on combos. Honestly I've thought about this for years and still think it would be ingenuous for Nintendo to do this and it was what I was hoping would happen for the switch. TDLR POKEMON WITH SMASH FIGHTING INSTEAD OF TURNBASED. I really would like to hear anyone's thoughts or ideas about something similar or possibly even fan made stuff like this. Again I didn't know if this was the right sub but I wanted to talk to people about this.",1555127826
bdv7dv,How difficult would it be to make an Alien Swarm/Diablo game in Unity?,"How difficult would it be for someone who's only just a beginner at Unity to make a game similiar to Alien Swarm/Diablo ? I've already made some simple games, and 2 more complex, but I would like to finally make something bigger, but also still possible.",1555428261
bhitb2,Old-school FPS with strong environmental interaction?,"Lately I got the idea of making a first-person shooter along the lines of Doom. Mostly inspired by the rebooted series but paying attention to the first two games as well. One of the criticisms I read about the 2016 installment was that all the levels felt the same. And a solution I came up with was beside making each level take place in a different ""area"" with a different atmosphere and aesthetic, include different environmental features that have a degree of randomness. For example a factory level would have functioning industrial equipment like spiked grinders, falling millstones, rideable conveyor belts, etc. A volcano level would have steam vents that periodically vent hot harmful gas, or thin rock plates you can shoot through to drop enemies into lava. The idea isn't to make levels with arbitrary gimmicks but rather to create believable ""living environments"" where the map is just as important to combat as the enemies are: a character in and of itself rather than just a static backdrop. There wouldn't be too many per level to prevent cluttering but just enough to add variety and keep the player on their toes, especially when backtracking. And what if they had some RNG? For example in one playthrough the level has your standard explosive barrels. The next playthrough the level has power cells that briefly stun nearby enemies when destroyed. And the next playthrough there's simply nothing. These types of games expect the player to replay individual levels many times to find all secrets or get all achievements, and this would be a great way to add replayability. They wouldn't be the main focus of gameplay but they would contrast with the predictable enemy behavior and give the combat an extra layer of depth. A complaint I heard about Doom 2016 was that combat became repetitive because the player needn't pay attention to their surroundings. I'm sure this system would help alleviate that as it can be beneficial or harmful, moreso if the enemy AI can be programmed to take advantage of them or avoid them. As in they push the player closer and closer towards a lava pit or shoot an explosive barrel right beside you. All feedback is appreciated.",1556257508
bbip4j,"Maze horror game, except the monster is completely silent.",,1554877256
bk4l94,An “Automation” like game but for a computer company.,"Imagine: you can have the engine design process, but instead, its about processors, ram, ssd, displays, and thermals. Then for actual laptop design you have to balance weight and size with thermals and space, and add ports like in Automation but actually affecting the quality not just aesthetics., as well as colors materials rounding of corners, and different types of 2 in 1. You also add trackpad or track point and size and design keyboard. For smartphone its sort of the same but different, you can customize notch, hole punch, etc, or set up pop out cameras, etc. Moving away from the creative side, pricing and the amount of variants of design, as well as the software (allowing you to create an OS as well and do some tweaks there). This would be my perfect game.",1556859324
bklt6w,Need idea for a little game,"Well i was in holiday for 2 week,away from my computer and now i want to create game again but i can't find an idea for a little game &amp;#x200B; I just want a *little* idea to create a *little* game to do something",1556980939
bbadtn,"A roguelike where you upgrade your weapon, not the player","A roguelike game where each pickup is applied to your weapon instead of the player. The weapons would have stats like durability as an analogue to health, etc.. Upgrades would come in the form of augmentations to the weapon, and these modifiers would build your character. So for example a modifier to a sword that would grant more knockback and range, but cause the player to take more damage. Or your weapon takes no durability damage, but you deal less damage to enemies. Enemies would drop modifications or crafting materials to be spent in a blacksmith or shop to upgrade your weapon.",1554829142
bbsov1,Great Emu War Rail Shooter," Inspirations: [The Great Emu War](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/NZQPu) [Jurassic Park arcade game](https://youtu.be/ZXZOw0lwnKI) [let’s go jungle](https://youtu.be/nnKfTR4CGmY)and [let’s go island](https://youtu.be/I7QapIo6IR0) Premise: A first person Rail Shooter where the players ride atop a truck and gun their way out of an exaggerated Australian Outback filled with deadly wildlife. Use your Lewis machine gun with unlimited ammo to mow down hoards of aggressive emus, giant crocodiles and spiders, baby eating dingoes, and vicious dropbears! Embrace every Australian stereotypes to a goofy extreme, with things like vegemite sandwich health packs or boomerang weapon power ups. The two shooters as well as the truck driver will provide colorful commentary as you play to break up possible monotony. The comedic tone and nostalgia for playing old school arcade rail shooters at Chuck E. Cheese are the major appeals for this game, but it could bring in some ideas to spice up the rail shooter experience. - Branching paths for different missions. For example, after completing the first mission, you can choose to go to the gum tree forest infested with dropbears or the dangerous rapids filled with man eating reptiles. - Play with local or network co-op. Double the amount of ammo you’ll waste with two crosshairs in screen! - Free play and veteran mode. Choose between a mode where death doesn’t matter or take up the challenge to risk starting over upon death of both players. - Some special enemies have bounties you can cash in for items after completing a mission. Get weapon power ups and healing items to increase your survivability or open up secret routes. It’s not much but I would estimate it would be a lower budget game that would be fun to play a few times with a friend and replay a dormant genre again.",1554937166
bf21d1,[Request] Super small game ideas centered around 1 mechanic. Thinking along the lines of one-touch mobile games.,"I'm about to publish a game on the play store that I developed for a class that was in this same vein and I really want to do another one this weekend. Anyone have any simple ideas that are singular mechanic based? I love the idea of simple things that can get combined in various ways, like a one touch control scheme that you can actually get really advanced with.",1555695948
bcitcm,A new SWAT game with modern graphics and online features,"Do you remember the old SWAT games by Sierra? I'm mostly referring to SWAT 3 Close Quarters Battles. If you're unfamiliar with the SWAT games concept, it's about a team of 5 officers; you as the leader and 4 AI controlled members. The goals ranged from rescuing hostages to defusing bombs as stealthy as possible with minimum casualties. That means being a trigger happy mf isn't acceptable. The coolest thing was that you give orders to your team to breach, throw flashbangs, handcuff criminals, etc. by pressing on keyboard shortcuts. So, I'm gonna talk about the Standard Missions mode in the online multiplayer. Standard Missions: the team leader could be either picked randomly or based on the highest rank. The mode is plain and simple: lead your team to finish the assigned mission. If you are not the leader, you should obey the leader's orders, or else, you will lose experience points. The harder the difficulty or the less you kill, the more XP and gear you get. In addition, there could be a mega sized buildings mode for multiple teams co-op. Of course there would be TDM and the usual FPS shooters modes. I just realized how badly I wanna see a new SWAT game with today's technology.",1555103048
bkj46e,Reverse game design! Match a mechanic,"The Main Mechanic: I have a mechanic in which a land will form by 1000 tiles, ever 100th tile a city tile appears. These cities are able to interact with each other as well as with any tiles around it... ------------------------- The Challenge: Any ideas for a game I could use this system in? Or perhaps just any other interaction ideas that the cities may have to tiles/each other? -------------------------- ETC: So far along with this I've developed a simple money system in which every city starts with different money amounts. The money is constantly being cirulated through every city based on proximity.....the end result so far is eventually esch city money reaches the average of total money to number of cities...they all end up equaling each other lol...but the fluctuation of the currency coming in and out to each city before it reaches average is determined by proximity to other cities....so idk what to do with that lol Thank you (:",1556958963
badr7q,Looking for a physics-based game idea,"I've been doing a few game jams on and off, but I really want to sink my time into something more tangible and satisfying long-term. Looking for an idea that's more physics-based and sandbox-style in nature, with more emergent systems in play, as I feel that I'd have as much fun developing it and would be more motivated to finish it in the long run. &amp;#x200B; Be it the procedural ragdoll physics in Gang beasts / Totally accurate battle simulator / Human fall flat, grid/voxel based games like Minecraft/Terraria, or the liquid simulations in Rain World / Pixel Junk Shooter. Recently saw a trailer on the pixel physics of Noita, which was super inspiring as well. &amp;#x200B; My ultimate dream would be a game which combines a breath-of-the-wild style physics / chemistry systems, coupled with dynamic and destructible environments, on some sort of floating island equivalent (with the excuse being that there's less stuff to simulate with a limited environment). Basically an Eventide island if you're familiar with BOTW. However I'm keen to hear any other ideas!",1554619884
bepfiq,Subreddit or discord for finding game dev teammates,"This is more an idea for either a subreddit or discord server dedicated to helping people find teammates for game development based on a persons experience, skills, ability or other means. Wondering if this would be helpful since I’ve wanted to work on projects with others but found it difficult to find people to work with. Suggestions?",1555614511
bjiocd,"An achievement for killing all the monsters in the last dungeon. The catch is that your player is included in the list of ""monsters""",,1556725816
bdw403,An AR game idea,An AR game where your home is set as your base. You have to travel to areas to find resources to be able to build up your armies to fight other players at their bases nearby or to control main points (popular public areas.,1555432880
bc3em4,"A ski-resort management tycoon, but you're actually the Abominable Snowmonster from SkiFree","You create your resort, manage entertainment, happiness, and amenities for your guests: then you eat them. The goal of the game is it create a successful park, while keeping yourself fed, and keeping suspicion low.",1555007636
biknbj,A game where you are the BBEG,"Basically you start out killing amateur adventurers and taking their gear, and as you make more of a name for yourself more skilled adventurers show up. Maybe you even have to fend off dragons if you save up too much gold or things like that. You also amass better gear as time goes on and can invest in hired help and maybe improve your dungeon, but as you gain more followers you’re also at greater risk of conspiracies and people sneaking and stuff. It would basically be a mix of a tower-defense game and a (turn-based?) RPG. Maybe there would even be a mode where other players would have characters they use to try to break into your dungeon and kill you.",1556511563
bfo36u,"Can you imagine a game like Dwarf Fortress(rogue-like ,text based) with new gameplay and graphics like those of today's Triple-A titles ?","Can you imagine a game like CataclysmDDA with new graphics like those of today's triple A games ? It would still maintain its complexcity with all those skills and everything and individual health of head , R arm , L arm , R leg , L leg , torso , and still the complex story line and kinda sophesticated AI/NPCs and Great detail of even the smallest object on a random place , just thrown, but still is counted as an known entity ! Yes I know the development could take even longer and could become more complex with 3D but imagine playing every month a randomly generated world , and nearly as interesting story as any of today's open world games , imagine a new GTA survival sandbox everyoften, or a Last of us everyday , with all those cool graphics and extremely complex RPG elements and realistic bodies with all organs built in with real damage simulation , man that could become a bestseller. Today's games are going a different direction too like Bethesda's upcoming ES 6 and StarCraft , rumoured GTA 6 , and Cyberpunk 2077 but all of em are like kinda taking the last gen a step further , but imagine taking these old kinda text based rogue like games further to a whole new level with amazing text like detail into 3D ! And for your thought that this could be nearly impossible with as much detail , then the PS5 specs has been officially announced with ray tracing , and Alienware R17m has at max 128gb ram with RTX 2080 and an i9 and it's a laptop, ofcourse for now these are expensive and for the rich but in few years this would become a standard for PCs and with game streaming services coming-in like Google stadia , this could be possible too. Imagine rendering Life-like enviorment with extreme detail and stats like CataclysmDDA, or Dwarf Fortress on a server with just streaming it into people's homes , and great complex multiplayer or even a 1000 player battle royale , it could be a video game that people could interact in a more life-like way ! Ofcourse I love CDDA and DF and play em both but yeah , I am born into a gen whose people have no interest in these (yes I am actually not too old) , they are busy playing fortnite and others , and I too have wasted quite a time playing pubg and fortnite , imagine taking these 'old kinda' games a step further into mainstream ! Just had an idea and shared it with you guys, tell me your thoughts on this topic and I know one day this might become reality but it might be nice if we take these super sophisticated games , that I and you love a step further. (just sayin' , I want the DF development to go further but there is also future for this genre) Thanks for reading , Get ready for an amazing future.",1555847987
bf6qjm,"A video game where you are an FBI Agent, rather, a hitman. There is a clone of you appearing on the news, and since you are the original, the organisation believes you (the Player) to be the bad guy, but in reality it is just your evil doppelganger trying to frame you as a criminal.","The second reason why they believe you to be the bad guy, is that you are in the desert, so they have the opinion that you are voluntarily remaining there, when you actually landed a helicopter by accident, 3 days before your first war-zone assignment. Now, you (the player) will have 7 days to find a way to escape (could be multiple paths) before the attack dogs and bandits and other night dwelling monsters are able to kill you. Also, the clone believes it is the original when in reality it was just inside an incubator machine for 2 months and injected with an appearance mimicking serum, and the original ""clone"" (the player) has missing memories.",1555722339
bby7tb,Dragon Rancher,"TL;DR- Imagine a humorous Single-Player focused Farming/Animal Husbandry Simulator with elements of survival, exploration, and combat. There’s also multiplayer in the form of The Dragon Races. Style: if you haven’t seen Love, Death, and Robots on Netflix I suggest you do so. Specifically the episode called “Suits” as that is the overall style you should be thinking of. It’s sort of a 3D Storybook aesthetic, and I feel it would suit this fantasy setting well. It’s comedic overtones help mask the complicated systems behind the game. Core Gameplay: You create a character and then start the game with a simple little farmhouse, a dragon stable, and one of three starter dragons. Your goal is to expand your property and to breed more and more powerful dragons. To do this you will need money and supplies. You get these in various ways: 1. Exploring- you leave your property mounted on a dragon of your choosing. You then gather things like wood, stone, and a lot of other typical survival materials. You use these to build out your your property. You can also find straight up gold and other treasures out in the wilderness that you can appraise and then sell. 2. Racing- You ride your best dragon in the hopes of winning out against other real players. There’s several modes to choose from: The Standard 8 Player line up, first to reach the finish line or the appropriate number of laps wins, there’s also Last Rider Down, there are no lap limits, every time you cross the line the last person to cross is eliminated, and finally there’s Dragon Brawl, like a typical race, minus the rules, there no restrictions on breath attacks, and the track is laden with power-ups like a Kart game, you’ll want more than just a fast dragon for this mode. Winning any of these always comes with a cash prize, consecutive wins come with additional randomized prizes that can be anything from treasure, building supplies, to even dragons depending on the length of your streak. 3.Dragon Breeding- you can either earn enough money to buy a dragon from another player, or you can find one out in the wilderness to tame and bring home, as long as you have the space. Once you have two mature dragons you can breed them, learning what sub-species will and won’t breed is a matter of trial and error. You can always breed the same sub-species for a guarantee of course. You can then sell these dragons/eggs to other players in the market place, or for a flat constant rate in the same place you sell treasure. [More details on Dragon Breeding below...] 4. Farming- You can grow your own supplies, you just need to return with the required amount from the wilderness and have an open plot of land. Should you find yourself with excess you can take your harvest to the marketplace to barter and sell it to players, or for a flat rate to the general store. 5. Odd Jobs- NPC’s in town will have certain jobs available for you to complete, they range from things like pest extermination, finding lost cattle, and even landscaping. Some dragons have useful talents that make these odd jobs much easier. Story: You live in the fantastical land of Verdaxia, unlike other fantastical settings this one takes place during the turn of the century. Imagine a world filled with dragons and all manner monsters and magic, that is in the middle of an industrial revolution. You have lucked out however, when Uncle Seamus dies. He leaves you his rinky dink ranch out in the middle of nowhere, and your character is ecstatic, anything to escape the horrible conditions of factory life. Once at the ranch you find it’s a bit more rundown than you expected, but while cleaning the place up you discover a family history you never knew about. Your family, for generations bred and raced dragons, and were very good at it. However they invested their winnings in the birth of the machine age and were enriched beyond their wildest dreams. They gave up racing and ranching and became part of the Aristocracy. They were not wise with their money however, and when times got tough they lost it all, eventually leading to their last remaining descendant (you) being forced to maintain the dangerous machinery they helped proliferate. The story really only ends when you want it to, but the goal is to return your family name to the status it once held, as the best Dragon Ranchers in Verdaxia. Multiplayer: while there are multiplayer elements, the game really is primarily focused on immersing a single player. The only times you’ll be encountering other players are in the Races, the Marketplace, and if a player chooses to visit your ranch, or vice-versa. Outside of those instances gameplay is focused on the single player experience. Relationships: like Harvest Moon there’s is a town, this is where the market place is, it’s also where the NPC’s gather, they will have jobs for you to complete. The more jobs you do for someone, the more they will like you, eventually you can pursue that in the form of a relationship with them. You can even have kids with them who will grow up and you will then play as, continuing on the family legacy. You customize your kids with a simple slider that blends your features and that of the NPC you’ve chosen to be with. It may take several generations to return your family’s lost glory. Combat: You can use tools like a shovel or your woodsman’s axe to deal mediocre damage, there are also crude musket-like firearms, mostly what you want to do is use your pheromone pellet gun to direct your dragon. Shooting a hostile with it will set your dragon into aggressive mode and they’ll attack the target until it is terminated. Your main job in combat is to enjoy the show and not get caught underfoot. You’re dragons combat is much like that of the monster battles you’d come across in MHW. Certain sub-species might be advantageous against a certain enemy type. Where you’re starter dragon might have a long drawn out battle, another sub-species might just annihilate the poor creature who was making your life hell. There is a food chain in place, taking advantage of this will make for much smoother gathering of supplies. When taming a wild dragon you’ll need to call your dragon off at the right time or else it’ll lose too much health and die. More on Dragons: there are a ludicrous number of dragon species. You pick one of three basic starter dragons when you begin the game. You then use this dragon to find, defeat, and tame other dragons which you then use to breed and/or complete odd jobs. The starter dragons are: 1.Crimson Drake- the basic all rounder, has decent HP, deals average damage, has good speed, has a reasonable gestation period, and is incredibly easy to breed, all you need is another one. 2.Verdant Drake- slightly smaller than the Crimson Drake, with less HP and damage output, it is however much faster, it also has a very quick gestation period. It does require greenery around the farm in order to meet its breeding requirements however. 3. Mountain Drake- a bulky brown dragon that is excellent for taming. Though they are not quick, they are very hardy and deal extra knockout damage with their special headbutt move, they take a while to gestate and require a burrow to breed. Taming- once you’re dragon has dealt enough damage to daze your target you must then climb onto the dazed dragon and get to a special pressure point that exists on the dragon’s body, once you’ve reached it you dramatically jab it with a couple fingers, the dragon twinges a bit and then comes out of the daze as friendly as can be. Some dragons will have multiple points and will attempt to shake you off between presses. Once tamed many dragons have special abilities that assist you, one sub-species might not be the fastest or the most dangerous, but if you have it on the ranch it’ll water your crops for you, and another dragon might use bioluminescence allowing you to easily look for supplies in the dark. There’s lots of gameplay reasons to breed and discover new sub-species, more than just to find the fastest or the hardest kill dragon. Some places in the wilderness are completely inaccessible without a certain type of dragon. Breeding- This first part pertains to breeding of the same sub-species specifically. The dragons function on a system of simple stats, Health, Speed, damage, and Carry Weight, there is a universal base set of stats that the breeding calculations use. It’s likely that no dragon will actually spawn with these exact base stats as dragon stats are randomized (within reason). When you breed dragons the game takes the stats of the two dragons and averages them. The numbers that wind up above the base stat are given an additional bonus, numbers that fall below suffer a slight subtraction. If the averaged stat comes out to be within the window of the base stat it doesn’t receive any bump, positive or negative. This allows you to breed a line of thoroughbreds that could become your primary source of income, with other players clamoring to get one of your renowned stock. When breeding dragons of different sub-species it’s a whole different ball game. Certain species combine to make new ones that will have completely randomized stats (within reason, the values depend on the species). The more combinations it takes to reach a sub-species the rarer it is, meaning the most likely way to even see the really powerful dragons is to discover them through breeding. No matter the circumstances breeding can be a crapshoot, much like actual genetics, there is the slight chance that you’ll get a prime genetic fluke that starts your thoroughbred line, or your thoroughbreds come together to make a genetic dud. This randomness adds to excitement of breeding, you don’t truly know what you’re gonna get in some cases. I’ve always loved when dragons are treated more like real living biological things rather than something supremely mystical. Plus I loved Víva Piñata and there’s hasn’t really been a game that’s given me that same sense of satisfaction whenever I learned secrets and discovered unique variants of piñata. This would be a complicated game for sure, but I think that’s why it would fit in with this new generation of games that are less detailed in appearance, but have incredible depth to their systems. Mainly though I’ve just been thinking about a video game in the art style of that “Suits” episode of Love, Death, and Robots, and this is the vision that eventually formed in my mind. I seriously recommend you watch it, it’s definitely one of the more SFW ones, there’s no tits or anything, they just swear and some cows get fucked up.",1554978263
bix69a,A game where manage dice superstitions,"I’m an avid board game lover, and something many board game lovers know about is dice superstitions. Not many people actually believe in them, but almost everyone talks about them at least jokingly. For example, if you roll high, the odds of you continuing to roll high in the future significantly decrease. Many dice have a certain number of good rolls and bad rolls for each session, so if you roll recklessly you may waste the good ones. Some people have antagonistic dice who conspire against them, others have special rituals to increase the odds of a good roll. This sounds a lot like a resource management game to me. I figured it would be a fun video game. This game would be centered around playing a dice game. The exact nature of the dice game isn’t all that important, but what is important is the dice themselves. Each die has specific stats and abilities, similar to items from a Diablo game, and players must manage their collection of dice to maximize their odds in the dice game. The stats for these dice may include things such as how likely it is to roll a specific number, special effects on other dice if rolled a certain way, or a higher/lower chance to betray you during a good streak. You’ll be able to look at all these stats in your inventory, as well as pick specific dice to bring with you into the game. They’ll probably also come in special colors and particle effects to make them that much more fun. During the actual game, you’ve got to manage your “team” of dice accordingly. If one die seems to be getting tired or running out of good karma, you might want to bench it in favor of another one. You may have special items or one-time abilities you can use to enhance your own dice or jinx others’. Maybe you can steal another player’s odds of rolling a 4, or prevent your dice from rolling multiples, or other things to tip the RNG in your favor. It’d be a fun mix of strategy and push-your-luck gameplay, combined with a loot collection and loadout building metagame. Having a system to trade dice and abilities would also add to the fun of it, especially if the dice evolve to betray you or otherwise outmoded. There are a lot of possibilities for this, and I think it could prove to be a very fun game if executed properly.",1556585833
bhhlgn,Moderators - a little help please,"These recent posters who have been spamming the group with long posts in Chinese have nothing to do with the topic of this group. I am not a moderator, but have heard that there are some tools available to Reddit mods to eliminate some of this bad behavior. Thanks",1556248638
bjm3vm,Insect Flying Game,"""Buzz the Tower"" I always liked how the helicopters handled in arma, especially arma 2, I could fly a littlebird through the eye of a needle, a game with a similar feel, with momentum and inertia, controlling a range of insects, around a world that looks like Honey I Shrunk The Kids. That would be fun.",1556742862
bbx8b7,"A cRPG, where as a young lord you try to rebuild your fiefdom in a ""commandos"" like combat mechanic.","Your character is a Young male, son of a local Lord who is betrayed and murdered by another lord during an ongoing civil war. The protagonist miraculously survives and together with some characters you can add across the campaign he tries to reclaim his castle and rebuild his fiefdom from ashes. The game is an Isometric-cRPG with a ""commandos"" or ""robin hood : Legend of Sherwood"" style of gameplay. Big Pressure is put on stealth and taking into consideration tactical advantages like : cover of night, High ground, positioning, obstacles, fatique and so on. &amp;#x200B; Setting is low fantasy, very little to none magic is being used to make the world more believable. Dark and hard choices have to be made by the player among the journey which have an impact later on in the game.",1554969705
bbyhfy,An android map game,So... I wrote down some ideas i've had for a time in my head but I don't have the programming skills or money to pay a company to create it. If anybody is passionate about these kind of games they are free to do whatever they want with these ideas. So if you have the time to take a look at it and give some opinions it would be very appreciated! I wrote them all in a PDF: https://drive.google.com/file/d/16Zjn6X0oIcs7sXvmNmrOlfkYIGWIziZV/view?usp=drivesdk,1554980299
bibtfb,realistic reloading,"Not a full game, but an interesting mechanic I have been thinking about recently, realistic reloading. This means that your max ammo is in clips, and taking one out doesn't magically transfer the bullets into your pocket bullet storage dimension. However, this has been done before (shout out to my Sierra 7 boys wooo!). What I'm thinking is that you would, instead of just throwing clips on the ground, attach them to your belt. Then, when in cover or after enemies are dead, there would be a button where you could transfer ammo from one used clip into another, making an empty/partially empty and a full one. In a game, it would probably be a good idea to make your character do this a bit faster than realistic (maybe he holds a bullet in between each finger and just slides them in, then quickly grabs 4 more off-screen), so that it isn't just the most tedious thing ever. Also, if you run out of clips, you could load partially used ones back into your gun (maybe on hard mode you wouldn't see how much ammo was left, and would need to rely on a visual indicator in the clip). You would also have to play an animation (cancelable of course) of physically picking of clips of dead enemies to get their ammo. Just thought it might be interesting, I'm excited to hear any thoughts/criticism on the idea.",1556461981
bba91g,A factory game where you try to unravel the dark nature of your parent company by building bugs and quirks into the products you manufacture,"Your factory creates shipments of product which you engineer (as the player) bugs into. These bugs can cause chances for data leaks or other PR events which cause more and more info on the company to be made available to the player. You have to manage your reputation by mitigating the disasters that you cause, all while gathering more info on the parent company. Eventually you take them down. Think a story driven game similar to GameDev Tycoon.",1554828502
bdzg1z,Slash with analog stick,"They should make a game like sekiro or something where once you lock on to the target and don’t have to look around with the right analog stick, you move your weapon eg. sword with it instead. So you can slash in the direction you want basically.",1555449990
bhcmke,Game ideas that can be accomplished with very little to no art,"As you could guess from the title, I'm the usual kind of person that likes programming but can't make art assets at all. I really don't have a preference as long as it's not horror, since I just want to have fun making a game... Because lately all I could do was gather ideas I like but will never be able to create since I lack the ability to make art for them. TL;DR: simple game ideas that consist on gameplay and the art doesn't matter much. 2D, 2.5D or 3D. Thanks if you take your time replying to me.",1556219766
bggfb9,Homeless survival with detective story,"I remmember having idea for homeless survival with detective adventure story but soon i saw someone already did homeless survival. Ideas i get for gameplay: Your character does have hunger bar, health bar and mental health bar, if your mental helthbar is low, your character commits suicide. Many things can affect your metal health bar You can use various types of drugs, those can have temporary boost for your energy and mental health but ends up devastating in long term You can tame a dog and pet it, this helps your mental health bar and dog could also help you in some situations You can visit curches to boost your mental health Certain turns in story can affect your mental health Also interactions with other homeless people helps you keep your mental health high. Surely physical and mental health is conected Also there could be hazard minigames in game but there could theoreticaly be chess game in park There should be open world city in winter and many homeless characters with stories to interact with, one could make good or bad relationships with them by choices in story Detective story could revolve around homeless man, former cop, who met girl on street but the girl end up murdered, so he decided to investigate murder, but it turns out that there is many homeless man murdered by city government. The hero slowly gains weapons, he starts with wood with nails, then have knife, then gun Hero can gain money by begging but he needs to beg in crowded place which are already taken by other homeless people so he need to make deal with them, friendship or beat them. He can also steal and pick pockets, there are also various oportunities, places with hidden treasure around city Hero can harvest food from trash bin or around fastfood. He needs to find shelter, he can somehow get tent and hide in park or he can find abandoned house or flat whose people left on vacation, he can sleep on benches but can be banished by policemen He also needs to stay clean. For his health and also to be succesful with begging and interactions with normal people. When he is not clean, his character looks dirty and people look bad on him, also when he is dirty, people can banish him from public transportation. He has limited inventory, he needs to be able to have it in his bag, also he can hide some things in some places around city, he can be robbed by other homeless man. There could even be some group of radical extremist who wander around city and makes troubless to homeless people. When his mental health is low, he makes strange quotes.",1556026384
bfe1v9,DMC meets Risk of Rain,"So I've been playing the hell out of Risk of Rain 2. As a developer there's a lot about it that gets my creative juices flowing, and here's what I've been thinking about lately. It's a game set loosely in ancient Greece, and you play as a hoplite/Spartan type character. It's a character action game, so you have diverse combos, and the ability to quickly swap between using your hoplon (large bronze round shield), gladius and spear. Think DMC or Bayonetta (or my favorite, Ninja Gaiden) The game would start with some procedurally generated terrain - probably made with perlin noise multiplied by some hand-drawn (randomly selected) height maps that either set it up as a river valley, mountains, etc. Scattered across this would be some hand-made objects like large rock formations and man-made structures. Also scattered about would be shrines to the gods. As the player spawns, enemies (based on the rich variety of a mythical Greek monsters) spawn in near their location. Fighting these enemies grants favor to the gods, which unlocks the nearest shrine to the player. Fighting more stylishly (higher combo counts, variety of attacks) grants more favor, unlocking them faster. Unlocking these shrines would probably reward the player in some way (new moves? Items?), and also unlocking a set number would then open the map's main objective, the temple. Inside the temple is a Greek God, fighting a Titan. The longer the player takes to unlock the shrines, the more health the God loses to the Titan, and the harder the Titan will be. The Titan will use large AoE style attacks, so even when fighting alongside the God, the player still has to evade its attacks. However, the God will periodically grapple the titan, allowing a window of attack opportunity. Defeating the Titan leaves the God weakened (if it survived at all) and opens the level exit. The player may proceed, or challenge the God. Killing the God will grant a reward, and switch the run from ""Honor the Gods"" mode to ""Defile the Gods"". This means the player is now aligned with the titans, and instead of gaining favor when slaying enemies, they instead defile the shrines with the enemies blood. Likewise they fight alongside the titan against the God. If, after defeating the God, they challenge the weakened titan, they will enable Narcissus mode. In this mode, defeating enemies will randomly spawn rewards, but the God and Titan will both now spawn in the level and make their way to attack the player. Defeating both stops the spawning of enemies, so unlimited farming isn't an option. I'd probably lean more in the direction of making the combat rich and enjoyable over supporting a massive variety of builds and item synergies. Perhaps even with moves unlocking as rewards, and staying unlocked between runs. Games like DMC are already incredibly repayable even with everything unlocked, so the roguelike nature of the game is more of a framework to allow less repetition in replays, rather than to make each playthrough play differently. ",1555777885
bkf4m3,Play with the Cards You're Dealt,"Starts out like a survival or RPG game with varying character traits. However, you don't get to customize yourself. Your starting physicals, including sex, body type, strength, etc. are all randomized. You can still customize by acquiring clothing, hair products, etc. in the game or by working out, etc., but that tapes time and possibly in-game currency that you could be using to progress. Perhaps there could also be expensive sex-changes and such in the game.",1556927239
bc0qsh,A drone fighting/racing game,"S ok you have your average 4 wing drone. Then you can add more wings, weapons, and aerodynamic parts. When you have your drone of choice, you can go to a multiplayer match that is in some miniature version of a popular place. A small Eiffel Tower or a small empire state building, and then you fly around with other players to see who is going to be the last one flying. Last one alive gets a free set of parts and more rankingm",1554994064
bejptb,A parkour-style game where you are being hunted by an overwhelming force in the form of a monster,"This idea could be a small game or a single level mechanic in a game. The concept for this idea is that the player is being hunted by a monster that cannot be killed - but not in the fashion like horror games. The player is a soldier in some sort of environment that would lend well to parkour. After an opening cinematic where the player's team gets decimated to a man, and the player has asked for evacuation, they are told that they must get to a certain area at a certain time to get on the helicopter. The problem is that the evacuation point is quite a distance away. The player must run and hide from the monster, The monster is constantly hunting them down through sight, smell, and hearing. The player can hide, but only for a certain time before the monster catches up to them. Any other time, and they must be actively running from the monster. The world is open and so there are potentially hundreds of routes to take to get to the evacuation point. The problem is that they must ensure to get to the evacuation point at the exact right time - if they get there and wait the monster will kill them while they are waiting. The monster is slightly faster than the player, but performs parkour slightly slower. This means that the player cannot simply outrun the monster. To get away, they must lead the monster on a path that will slow it down and outmaneuver them. There would be save points in certain places, but to avoid putting themselves in situations where they might only have seconds to get away, they need to plan ways to get there when they have a significant lead. This could be made more difficult by making the save points expendable - once the save point has been used it can never be used again in that save file. There is no main map, just a minimap showing the direction of nearby save points and the distance to the evacuation point. There is no identifier for where the monster is. If the player wants to ascertain the location of the monster, they must do so visually or by stopping and listening for where it is. The monster would make a lot of noise, which would make it easy to locate. It feels like this would be a game that makes the player run on adrenaline and expectation. It's definitely a horror game, but more one that works on suspense than outright scariness. I know it will probably never get made, but I love this idea so much.",1555581532
bffxjq,"Hi all! I’ve been developing a tower defence game for a while. Getting to the point where I need to flesh out the art/world but I don’t want to be cliche and make it zombies/medieval etc. I need: setting, enemies, towers/heroes and what the enemies are trying to get to/accomplish. Thoughts?",,1555787834
bbjaan,Isekai Kingdom builder with no resource management.,"The plot would be something like you being transported to a fantasy/medieval like world, where you start out with your small camp and slowly build a large kingdom to rival the local ones. The gameplay I imagine could be a simple clicker type, where you click on your camp and get ""progress"" points, that you spend on exploration, building and so on, so no resources, just clicking and choice making. Seems pretty close to That anime game I have always wanted and pretty doable, the hardest thing I imagine would be coming up with the lore of the world and plot for the game, but even the generic type borrowed from some anime would do I think.",1554882193
bampyj,"I'm really inspired by Factorio, and am planning on making a sim game from scratch as my new project. Any ideas for a simulation game?",,1554680377
bd8znp,Last words in game over,Me and some friends are working on a game about a girl fighting robots. What are some last words she could say when dies in a game over? She is kind of girly but has a temper. If you have any ideas I would like to hear. I just don't want her to just flop down dead during a game over I would like her to say something,1555283716
bg2ruv,Lizard-People Fighting Game,"I have an idea for a 1v1 fighting game similar to the original Mortal Kombat games, but with the inclusion of instant-kill death traps. &amp;#x200B; THE SAURIAN TOURNAMENT The lone planet of Kaladria is home to the Saurian race. A race of humanoid lizards that are constantly filled with a chaotic desire. Their emperor, Droxlu, holds a tournament that will be held every year, where combatants can fight each other in a no-holds-barred, one-on-one fight to the finish. Will you survive this bloody brawl? Or will you be slaughtered by your fellow kin? Characters Thralla: A mercenary who participates the tournament to dodge execution. Terrafaux: A Saurian kick-boxer, who enters the tournament to test his skills. Acituu: A malicious deity in disguise, who enters the tournament in order to conquer Kaladria. Gith-Rax: A pyromancer who enters the tournament to assassinate Droxlu. Grah-Rax: A cryomancer who enters the tournament to assassinate Droxlu. Duthruzo: A female Saurian who enters the tournament to prove herself. &amp;#x200B; What do you think?",1555943487
bgvi71,Mind wanderer story concept,"Scifi game, people in future have internet and VR and AR directly implemented in their brains. They share thoughts and ideas. One day hero finds himself lost, he detached from his body and lost in mind cloud, he tries to get back and on his journey he enters body of various people. He finds out, that he was killed but was lucky that his mind moved to cloud, no with cooperation of people, he must find who killed him and find way how to come back in his own body.",1556117301
bck88v,FPS where the speed of the game increases over time,Title. Like host_timescale in CSGO but it's linked to how long the game has been going.,1555111065
bk16um,"An FPS where you get to play as different superheroes, with all of their abilities. Kind of like Overwatch.",,1556836908
bjukk5,Pixel dungeon but it’s vr,Just like the title explains. I’m thinking to do pixel dungeon but it’s vr and you have to fight the monsters using actual weapons you find around the map This is my first idea so lemme know how it sounds! Thanks 👌,1556801435
bjjlf2,"Fighting game, using Keyboard and writing","When I was a kid there was that anime (From the 80's) about a boy who have small Robot and a Laptop in the FUTURE of the year 200x, Now the way to fight with the robots it use the Computer but not like who we play game today (WASD) and simple keys no, they TYPE the commands If they want the robot to kick type (KICK) then enter. So imagen this a fighting game like Street Fighter but to do a combo you need to writer :-  Punch - Punch - Kick - Down - Front - Punch Enter I know so many will hate it but it will get fans for the uniq control",1556730242
bj9yec,A game where the goal is to die,Basically to complete a level you have to find a way to die Could include multiplayer or be a multiplayer game where the goal is to die first,1556665032
bjz31z,Jump game ideas?,"Hi, I need a creative idea for a jump game. Possibilities are endless as long as jumping is core mechanic and it's 3d. Thanks for your help.",1556825615
baqapn,A persona-like idea.,"(1/2) Alright I like a lot of the personal stories and life sim aspects of persona, but creating a game about high school students is kind of getting boring, I want to deal with a slightly older main group of young adults and people from more varying age groups with a heavy emphasis on 'your life is your own and you can meet many different people in their own points of life.' So here is the starting scene for a persona like game I imagined while driving home one night. The perspective is first person and there is a man driving in the driver's seat, your character is sitting in the back seat. It is late at night and you can clearly tell he's upset with you. 'Why are you doing this? You are one of us.-' This is a prompt to put in your last name. There are a lot of pauses between questions to let it breathe, giving you time to think. The man you're assuming is the father asks questions, and you answer them according to your own personal experiences or one's you would believe you would do. Q 'why were you out there?' A 1(I wanted to have friends, so I followed them so that I could get to know them.) 2(i don't have to tell you. We weren't doing anything bad. I've known these guys for a while.) 3('Don't say anything. You don't want him to worry.') You can answer it closest to your personality. These questions will affect your history and your stats (bad childhood, uneventful childhood, good childhood) to (team job, social job, independent work, solitary job) and social skill points (starting with 1s in certain stats to start talking with specific people immediately. A 1 with smarts starting will let you speak with a librarian or tech job boss earlier to start that social link) The car drive continues with these questions to set up your character. The car ride keeps going. Your father keeps going on and for a second he looks back at you with a disappointed face. Bright headlights approaches and your father looks back at the road quickly and he turns to wheel to try to avoid, but the cars connect, the camera shakes and rumbles for a second before ending abruptly. The screen is black. It says 8 years later. You are now a 19 year old college student who is working in a dying town and goes to the local community college. Here is where you meet your two starting team members for the team. And you will need to get a job for paying rent and food, so you can go to job interviews, your stats will determine which interviews you pass and a coworker from that job will be the 4th member. This is where the main persona loop of school, socializing, and time management will happen. In the first month it will set up the world. You'll talk about how your town is dying and there's no real reason to stay once you get your education, there are no good jobs, no good homes, no good places to hangout or shop, so why even stay? It will also setup the mayor's community improvement plans of building new homes, repairing infrastructure, and quality of life roadmap. The mayor has been trying to improve, but he believes these plans that will start next month will not be like the others. After the month starts, the mystery and danger starts. Your main character now has been established, your answers and socializing with coworkers and classmates have setup the idea of who you are, which will be mainly a 'my dad died, I feel regret since it's my fault, my family that took me in doesn't care about me and I felt like a burden when I was living with them.' or 'I hated my family and I want to do something with my life, meet more people without feeling upset. I have to try harder now that my dad is dead and my living relatives are out of my life, I finally have control' being the main characterization, depending on your answers. One night walking late home from work, you notice a blue green fog come over the world. You see people march towards a construction zone and assume they're workers and don't do anything about it. You get home and sleep. ",1554704539
bb4s89,Need idea,"I currently have no school for two weeks, and I want to make a game. However I've got no idea what to make. Can someone give me an idea?",1554793102
bg9lug,Business simulator game To help figure out if a person is good enough to run a company or district,"idk i might sound dumb making this post cause maybe a game like this has already been made but basically create a game that can be customizable depending on what type of company it is and have it factor in demographics, target markets, and stuff to that expense the full experience and have the tasks in the game represent the tasks in the company if you lose your not good enough to run the company but if you win you are",1555979052
beeqhx,What are some niche kinds of games?,"I don't necessarily mean by number, only that they are underserved",1555544626
bcgm37,New game concepts of mine my team wants to work on,"A game where your character can jump from one human conscience mind into a new body to the next :via through a chip implant: and depending on the body you go into will determine the players abilities and actions, movement and combat wise. Can also get specially crafted bodies from a lab that have different levels of fitness, strengths and weaknesses. A game where your character was either born from birth or experimented on when young into some super soldier project but was a fail due to side effects like rapidly prematurely aging, some type of cancer developed or immune deficiency. Player must collect on certain drugs in order to survive and get them any way they can, if you don't stay on them long enough your body weakens, resulting in you being more vulnerable to enemies and if you stay off them too long you die. A game where you were given some drug or injection which was made to control you and have you used to kill and do assignments under someone else's control. You now broke free but you have two minds set in your system running through you and the game is a battle of your conscience mind and another one that was meant to control you and you fight between both back and forth. &amp;#x200B; Which game mechanic excites you all the most?",1555091760
bbj2q1,Need 2D 8bit game ideas,Recently got the entire humbe bundle 8bit asset set (https://www.humblebundle.com/software/8bit-pixel-game-dev-software?hmb_source=navbar&amp;hmb_medium=product_tile&amp;hmb_campaign=tile_index_5). I need game ideas that would work well with this. I can also make a 4 player party game (something simple like stick fighter) or a single player game that also wont require too much development time (auto generated levels perhaps). Plan to put on steam.,1554880324
bb4qz8,Need help for my first game,"It’s a 6v1, in the ilk of gamesmanship like Friday the 13th vs Dead By Daylight. I’ve modelled and animated a lot of the characters (survivors and killers). But, I have no idea how you should escape. I thought about fixing a car (Friday the 13th). Then I thought about repairing a number of machines to power an elevator or something (Dead By Daylight) and I’m a little stuck. Thanks.",1554792811
ba1kdn,A tycoon style game where you run a farming empire,"**Premise** The premise of the game is that you are a wealthy person investing in primary production chains to make money. &amp;#x200B; **Concept** You start out with a small farm to manage. You hire a workforce and watch it create money. The difference here is that there are a large number of options animal and crop farms, and each plot of farmland is procedurally generated. You have to look carefully on what will work through overlays to ensure that what you farm will be profitable in both the short and long term. I'll detail some ideas below, with their natural extensions. The extensions would make much more money, but require a significant investment to build. Without the extensions, the player would have to sell to yards and abattoirs, but would not make as much money. Once established, the farms would run fairly autonomously, but the player could buy extensions to the farms, expansions into new farmland, manage herd sizes, manage purchase of different quality feeds and fertilisers, and find new contracts for the produce or animal products. Once the player is running their first farm successfully and has enough money in the bank, they could purchase a new, randomly generated farm from a list of potential options. The people they could employ and fire would be randomly generated as well. I see the game as a top-down game in general, as it is a strategy game. Random events like drought, fire, and other such disasters could play an important role in keeping play interesting for the life of the game. Players could also sell farms, meaning that a viable strategy could be to buy up unused farmland, create a farm, and, once successful, sell it for much, much more than they purchased it for. Alternatively, the player could also buy up failing/failed farms to retrofit or restructure and sell off as surviving, profitable farms. Over time, the player would have an ever-expanding portfolio of farms that they manage. They would actively have to be upgrading things on the farms, ensuring profitability, selling and buying farms, and managing simplified supply chains. There would be room for a campaign where the player receives a small hobby farm that they inherited in a state of disrepair, that is on the edge of ruin. They fix up the farm and then either sell it or buy a new farm to start from scratch. This could also work as the tutorial level in which the player is introduced to all of the concepts of the game. &amp;#x200B; **Farm Ideas (Animal)** Beef - Leather, Dairy or Beef farms, with a creamery, cheesemaking, tannery, or abattoir extensions. Pork - Pork, or Leather, with abattoir or tannery extensions. Sheep/Lamb - Lamb, Leather, Milk, or Wool, with abattoir, tannery, creamery/cheesemaking, or shearing shed extensions. Goat - Leather, Kid Leather, Meat, or Milk, with cheesemaking, tannery, or abattoir. Poultry - Turkey, Duck, or Chicken farms, with an abattoir. Venison - Meat, with an abattoir. &amp;#x200B; **Farm Ideas (Crops)** The number of crops, with extensions, is virtually limitless, with both food crops, (animal) feed crops, and crops for non-food use like the production of alcohol or ethanol for transport fuel. Tree farms could also be an option for a longer term strategy that would pay off massively after 15-20 years, and the same with orchards. Tree farms and orchards would be later game options for players with more money to spend. &amp;#x200B; I really like this idea for a game, and, personally, I would play the shit out of a game like this. ",1554532106
bbfzw2,"Mario, except...","Since I am pretty new, that's basically the entire concept, albeit not being the most original. Mario, but a little bit different, and more exciting, without sacrificing the simplicity of the game. Of course, I'm not going to post with just that, and expect the comments section to do all the work, I have several ideas myself. I'll start with combat. Don't be mistaken by the word 'combat', I don't want something highly complex or anything close to a simulation. Just something different to jumping on things. One way to do this may be giving Mario a weapon (let's be honest, he's too fat to kick or punch), something simple like a hammer, no guns, swords, axes, etc., and adding a health system would make enemies seem less insignificant (2-3 hits to kill, rather than just 1). Obviously I don't want upgrades or too many weapon types, that would make the game too complex to feel like Mario. Also I don't want to completely remove the option to jump on things, because we all need to do that every so often. Again, I want it simple, but just a bit more exciting. Another aspect of the game that could see such improvements would be the actual objectives of the level. Maybe Bowser realized he's not good at hiding things, so the path to complete the level is not a completely straight line like it normally is? Or maybe Mario doesn't need to save peach, just needs to find her after she was caught cheating on him with Luigi? Perhaps Mario is tired of saving Toad and getting the finger so he finds toad and... I'll let you do the imagining for that one. You get the point. The levels should be a little more different and exciting. I've said enough. I'd like to hear how you would make Mario just a bit more exciting than it already is.",1554858625
baclvb,Game based on the movie Legion.,"Firstly I want to say I had no idea this sub exists but I'm glad it does. I watched the movie Legion today for the first time in awhile. It was around the part of the creepy ice cream truck driver that I had this idea for a game. Basically, it's a combination of a cooking/diner manager and a fps/shooter defense. During the day, you serve customers in a diner in the middle of nowhere, similar to the one from the movie. You can earn money for more food items, better cooking equipment, and design. However, at night is when the creatures attack and you have to defend yourself until dawn. That being said, the money you earn from customers can also be put towards better weapons, defense upgrades, and armor. So it's what you choose to do with your earnings. There could probably be a bigger plot arc so it doesn't get tedious. Maybe there are some days when the creatures infiltrate the diner management part of the game. Co-op would be great too. One cooks while the other serves and takes orders. Then at night you fend off the monsters together. That's about all I think of at the moment. Thanks! ",1554609782
baa1e9,Esports CEO,The idea of the game is you start out hosting a small tourney for a game weather is a team game like league of legends or smash bros. Some teams become super teams and you get more fans of they win too long people get bored. You get more money which means more exposure ads and bigger tournament areas. More players start to know of your tourney so more teams more fans. Get sponsorships. Players can retire you can add pregame shows or after shows. Better employs mean better production but more play. The goal is too become the biggest tournament out of all games. You put your own money for the prize pools. You can check how other tournaments are doing and teams or players can switch which could make you lose money if you don't entice then with money or better team quality,1554591554
bacm6s,Remake The Neverhood,,1554609853
bbfp6r,Gaming Augmentation Feedback,"Hey everyone, this isn't directly related to a video game idea, but it is related to gaming. I'm a grad student in engineering and our university lab, which specializes in cybernetics, is developing gaming technology designed to enhance gamers reaction time for a specific input task (i.e, shooting). I am looking to gain information from competitive/casual gamers about your gaming experience, and how our technology might be useful to you. If you are interested in taking 5-minutes to fill out our survey, I have posted the Google Form link below. (This is not an ad, the intent is just to collect data) Thanks! Survey Link: [https://forms.gle/mDuTZVKfEcGpATFZ9](https://forms.gle/mDuTZVKfEcGpATFZ9)",1554856857
baf8ca,I need help with a game idea I have,What kind of threats should you face in a game about a veteran who patrols his neighborhood at night time?I am especially looking forward to a main antagonist (maybe a serial killer or a gang).,1554635533
bb1vtu,Prototype Hacking Minigame,"Over the years many AAA and indie game's have had hacking minigames that I would say are inaccurate at best. Whether its an electric version of pipe dream (Bioshock), or more recently turning dials to tune into a signal (Spiderman). How about a minigame where the computer is slowly solving the problem on its own, but you can fill in your answer to try and solve the answer early. There are a couple of ways to do this. You could make it solve itself on a time limit by projecting a scrambled message and over time revealing the correct letter until you have the full message. Which simple versions have been done before, I think. &amp;#x200B; OR you could actually have a genetic algorithm trying to solve the message at the same time. Which is what I've done. &amp;#x200B; I'm not good at UI Design, and I know all the answers because I know the list of quotes, so I'm releasing this prototype to be used by anyone who wants to try it. You're free to use the idea, hell use the code. Most of it was a rewrite of The Coding Train's videos on genetic algorithms to work in Processing. There are no/few comments so I recommend watching his videos to understand the code. [Download Link](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/2ejwazp81b2m2k7/AAA-wTtBEXGJW6k_iWtMfHzia?dl=0) [Screenshot](http://prntscr.com/n9c8yp)",1554772833
ba7hjv,"Minecraft, but on a hexagonal plane instead of squares.",,1554576068
b9teey,Possible To Team Up Here?,I'm asking in case it isn't allowed. If it is then perfect. So my whole life i've always had ideas for games but honestly none of them were fleshed out just because im a perfectionist. So I've been in a long search for someone who could design a game that could be a executed vision without over development.,1554482024
b9wxpi,Idea for a plague doctor mechanic?,"In a game where you can be a cleric, hunter, witch... defeating monsters, i would like to have a character designed around a plague doctor. Issue is that i can't think of a single thing to help him be effective choice because there are no parties where he can just be a healer and not have him be just a weird hybrid of other classes",1554499826
bba8pw,Simple game ideas,"Any body got any 2d games ideas, preferably rouge like, that I can do in 2 weeks or less.",1554828459
bb52k9,Madness Combat VR Game,"Right off the bat I have no intention of developing anything out of this idea as I don't know how to make games in the first place. Its just an idea that's been swimming around in my head. The game I have in mind is a first person action game in the style of [Madness Combat](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1aubPfepmg&amp;list=PL4F761764995C5F15) by [Krinkels](https://www.krinkels.net/). **Gunplay:** I've imagined the guns act similar to the ones in Robo Recall, except every bullet isn't slowed down to make it easier not to get hit. Reloading would be automatic because reloading in VR manually is a pain and would be even more of a pain in a combat situation. **Melee Combat:** Melee combat would act very similarly to Blade &amp; Sorcery. Bladed weapons would be most effective as they would be able to cut enemies and make them bleed. There would be knives, swords, axes, and machetes. Blunt weapons would consist of baseball bats, clubs, hammers, boards, and pipes. **Tac-Bar:** The Tac-Bar is something that was introduced in Madness: Project Nexus 1 and made its way over to Project Nexus 2. The tac-bar allows the player to dodge bullets as to not take damage from them, but eventually their tac bar will run out. The tac-bar can be refilled by killing enemies. Some enemies will have tac bar's which will require melee or thrown weapons to defeat them, or draining their tac bar with shooting. &amp;#x200B; **Enemies (Sprites by** [Krinkels](https://www.krinkels.net/)**):** Enemies will come in various forms, each having different attributes to them. [Grunt](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/madnesscombat/images/b/ba/Grunt1.png/revision/latest?cb=20120603024324): Grunts are the basic enemies. They have little to no skill in any form of combat, and serve as cannon fodder. They are the first enemies the player would fight in early sections of the game. [Agent](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/madnesscombat/images/8/81/L33t_MC7.png/revision/latest?cb=20130304042522): Agents have slightly more combat training and are able to use guns and melee weapons more efficiently. They have no tac bar so they are easy targets. [ATP Engineer](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/madnesscombat/images/1/12/Engineer_MC8.png/revision/latest?cb=20130304054430): The Advanced Training Program Engineers are the first enemies who will have tac-bars. Their tac-bar's aren't large, so they are easy to deplete, but they could mess up your day if you're not careful. Being genetically enhanced soldiers, they sport some yellow blood and better combat skills. They are more accurate with ranged weaponry and are more advanced in melee combat. [ATP Soldat](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/madnesscombat/images/3/3e/OBSV_basic.png/revision/latest?cb=20130420224230): Another genetically enhanced soldier, these guys are no pushovers. Their tac bars are more advanced and they have the highest skill in melee and ranged combat. They are proper soldiers, and some of the deadliest units. &amp;#x200B; **How the game works:** The player starts in a hub area. This area contains weapons the player has kept and a shop. It also contains a computer where the player would choose a level to play. Like Blade and Sorcery, there would be multiple levels the player would be able to choose from. These levels would mainly consist of greyscale rooms that would house various weapons. The player moves from room to room, slaughtering all enemies in their way. You win when you kill every single enemy. The reward for winning is cash to buy weapons and EXP to upgrade things like your tac-bar. The player would also be able to buy armor to reduce damage from guns and melee weapons. Levels would have various difficulties, those being Easy mode, Normal Mode, Hard Mode, and Madness Mode. With each difficulty level, the enemies change and their numbers are increased. **Mag Mode:** This mode would allow you to play as [Mag Hank (Sprite by Krinkels)](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/265498325581561876/565074686673944577/latest.png). The player would be noticeably larger than the rest of the enemies. The player would have a maxed out tac bar and increased health, along with an arm. The arm would have a charge up attack, allowing you to deal massive damage to any enemy that's hit by it. This mode would just be for fun and as a reward for beating levels on the highest difficulty. **Gore:** Gore would consist of enemies having visible wounds on them when struck. Blunt weaponry would leave bruises and dents in the enemies head and body. Bladed weaponry would leave cut wounds which would bleed and stain your weapon. They would also be used to decapitate or gut an enemy. Bullets would leave a visible bullet wound which would spurt blood. More powerful guns would allow for head explosions. &amp;#x200B; tl;dr, project nexus 2 but first person and VR.",1554795439
b9wsqb,Bloodbornish type of game,"So there's this city like in bloodborne that was corrupted by chaos/plague/monsters from hell. All citizens are either dead, corrupted or escaped a long time ago. Only human presence is the order sent there to deal with the threat but due to the scale of this desaster, they can only control few buildings and that's it. You a peasant/nobody hear that they are offering good gold for people to come there and help them clean the city, so you wenture towards it. Game begins by you being greeted by an agent in front of a secret entrance to the city and he brings you to their main hub. Your first mission are simple, to hunt certain beasts, clear an area, recover objects and such. After you are familiarised by the game, they send you to kill a hunter that went rogue. You find him, kill him and from there game opens up for you to play on your own with only mission being ""clear the city"". You can develop your style of play going more for a hunter style (setting up traps and bait for your prey). Be a cleric cleaning coruption thru prayers. A regular warrior killing all in your sight and so on. As the game progresses you lose the need to come to ""the order"" because you've set up your own base and are doing your own thing until at the end a new recruit comes for you. Sent by ""the order"" to remove you because you are no longer considered being an agent but the very thing they sent you to do. If you were playing as cleric, the beasts started seeing you as a god, if you were a warrior killing all you became one of those monsters controlling their teritory and if you were a hunter, you became the predator. In that final battle, the new recruit kills you and the cycle just keep going around. ",1554499090
b9ludw,Political-History Simulator,"This idea would be a basic political simulation game, largely mirroring the mechanics of [*Galimulator*](https://store.steampowered.com/app/808100/Galimulator/). *Galimulator* is a political simulation for various states on a galactic scale. The player observes the rise and fall of empires across the galaxy. A state is capable of basic diplomacy, territorial disputes, and technological advancements. The game produces graphs and charts that record the rich history of it's simulation. I was thinking of a game extremely similar to *Galimulator*, except it would be based on a single planet. This game would overlook a randomly generated world, which would be the stage for thousands of years of civilization. Nations would humbly begin at the dawn of the agricultural revolution, and slowly advance throughout time to the modern era. The simplicity of this game is maintained through its functioning. For example, [here's a time lapse of a galaxy in Galimulator. ](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=77VM2OIDJVI) The most difficult part about creating this political simulator for a planet, would be the coding behind the simulation itself. The visual aspect of the game is simple. With this game, rich histories of nations and cultures can be observed throughout centuries of time! Watch empires rise and fall, alliances form and shatter, or wars won and lost. Overlook the history of each world by viewing graphs and statistics. What do you guys think? How possible is this idea? ",1554432100
bb2jgf,Shazam! video game,"If Shazam is about wish fulfillment, then why not make a game about it. You could have him balance his life just like Spider Man PS4 and the combat could be a mix flight and ground combat using your Shazam powers. And you could either have the enemies be magic related or be invincible and have pressure be on completing a certain objective within a given time",1554776836
bb8ch9,My game idea called Infinite Nights,"So I played undertale recently and before I go on ahead with my ideas, I have a lot of the dialogue and some sprites created. All i need is 3+ years of gml experience to start attempting to develop the game. So the Ideas for combat are kinda derived from undertale in the way that you could enter different combat styles for fight IE: muffet with the purple strings. I have an idea for one of those kind of fights. One where you have to move in a dpad shape. To avoid projectiles you move to the right left up or down etc. Humor will be similar to the likes of earthbound and undertale. The game will be goofy but will have serious moments from time to time. I hope to finish writing this when I go home, as I am at school rn on my phone.",1554818771
bahd6a,Hm...how about combining something like Factorio with a story-driven RPG?,"Hm... So I just saw an early preview of 'Satisfactory' on Youtube and I kind of want a game like this but I would combine it with elements of other games, like: &amp;#x200B; \- The free-running from Assassin's Creed (and similar games from Batman-Arkham games to Spiderman games etc.) \- The flying from Anthem (without an overheat mechanic and without the low ceiling so that you can fly really high, so Iron-Man-Style!) \- The RPG-Elements from games like Mass Effect, Dragon Age, Diablo 2, Divinity Original Sin 2, Deus Ex, KOTOR, Jedi Knight etc. (so stuff like direct attack skills, but also energy-shields, invisibility etc.) \- a great story (will lay out my basic story later) \- great companion characters and factions (like in Fallout: New Vegas) with interesting quests (and romances) \- good gun-play (like in the latest Doom for example!) \- good CQC (Assassin's Creed up to Black Flag...I prefer the old combat system to the one in the newer AC-Games!) \- multiple approaches to quests (guns blazing, negotiations, stealth, hacking etc.) \- a lot of diverging paths (like in Dragon Age: Origins or Fallout: New Vegas) \- SILENT PROTAGONIST! No auto-dialogue etc. (ruins immersion for me!) \- good dialogue-system (again: New Vegas style! Not Mass Effect with the Wheel!) \- seamless transitions (of if not possible: Mass Effect 1 style elevator scenes or something, so no load-screens :) ) \- semi-open world (multiple planets/areas) \- Witcher 3 style side-quests (no pointless fetch-quests like in Dragon Age: Inquisition!) \- RPG-Style equipment system (armors, weapons, tools, implants etc.) \- Crafting (upgrading your armor, weapons etc.) \- command and equip your companions and take personal control if you feel the need (so Dragon Age: Origins like here, too!) \- tactical pause \- Many skills being usable in combat (not just 3 like in Anthem) \- no classes (select what you want from the skills!) \- several building options (you can build in an Anno or Command and Conquer like UI or do so in first/3rd person perspective (true builders probably want to see the map from above to build in order to fully utilize space, have your base look beautiful and be clean (no unneccessary ways etc.)) \- Vehicles (Battlefield-Style!) \- etc. (maybe some other stuff ;) ) &amp;#x200B; As for the basic story? &amp;#x200B; You start out on a space-ship, either in a battle or after some catastrophic failure (the ship is going down) - maybe through sabotage - and you have to rescue the crew etc. so that you can escape via the escape-pods...so fight your way through the ship, have some early decisions (which way to go, maybe even who to rescue (don't know if I want to lose some characters this early on...but it is a possibility) or which things to take with you (take more tools or better guns etc.)). After that: Drop onto the new world and some survival elements (not stuff like hunger etc. - seriously, I don't like games that make you eat etc....I do that in RL, that's enough!) Collecting the other survivors (and maybe getting them in line if they aren't willing to follow you etc.) Building up a base! Maybe gathering allies (maybe the planet has inhabitants, who have factions you can work with - if you do some quests for them), visiting cities (on the planet) Building a new space-ship so you can leave (which would be the end goal for Act or Chapter I) Returning either to the fight or to hunt the traitor :) ...(so that's basically what I have) &amp;#x200B; TL;DR: I want a game that combines base-building, base-defense and resource-mangegement with an RPG and elements of Assassin's Creed (movement and CQC-System) and Anthem (flight system!) etc. and a great story, characters and factions! Kind of like 'Battlezone' (Cold war vehicle combat with building etc. in space, from the 90's) with RPG-Mechanics (but more!)",1554650818
bag6oe,"SEEKING Game idea involving one character, story/narrative driven progression, realistic aesthetic. Similar in nature to Dear Esther","I am looking to start on making a visual novel. I'm accepting any suggestions on who, what, when and where right now. As more ideas are acquired I'll flesh out a story from there. The smallest bits help, thanks.",1554643404
bahsop,Ideas?,Me and some friends are making a game loosely based on bully but with a female protagonist. What are some good ideas for a game over? I don't want her to just lose health and flop over I would like something more intense and sort of cinematic. Do you have any ideas?,1554653227
baajpd,the next mario game should just be one giant level where you have to find stars all over the map,,1554594948
bbhoyf,My idea for a Multiverse mmo game,"Not sure if anything similar has been done but here’s my idea. The idea is that you start on earth. And there’s no context given but the world is surrounded by paranormal phenomena. Think like Gravity Falls and Stranger Things. As players explore they start to come into contact with these things and they have to craft or find weapons to defeat them, or run. The whole map would be filled with secret places and cryptic codes. There is a crafting system as well. You can also gain random powers through weird events, much like how a superhero gets their powers in a freak accident. You can learn to activate magic abilities through following the cryptic clues all over the map. You can also craft sci-fi inventions by finding research journals that tell you how to craft them. The crafting journals put together show you how to make a portal to other dimensions and how to build a spaceship. Allowing the players who figure this out to venture into different planets and dimensions like in Star Wars and Rick and Morty. You can explore, build places to live, hunt monsters by finding their weaknesses (or just shooting them with a laser gun you crafted) , be a wizard, a superhero, or just some guy who travels through space and jumps through dimensions. The possibilities are endless",1554869547
bb8r2e,"I have an game idea for my game , is it good?","So i'm making a game about A boy just wanting the summer to last a little bit longer. It's kind of like Gravity Falls' Mabel, where she was wanting summer to last longer. But in my idea, the game will take a more mature look as the game goes on, with characters saying things out of the character etc... what do you guys think? Will it be good?",1554820959
bb7byc,2 Floors,"A game where it’s set in a house and one person spawns upstairs and another downstairs. Each person can access the out side via opening windows, doors etc and climb up/down drainpipes to flank opponents using household weapons",1554812856
b9ls7b,Anthem + FFXIV + FFXV = An MMO without the outdated WoW hotbar gameplay,"So I was talking to my friends about the shortfalls of Anthem, and the major shortfall we all agreed on was how small the world is and how looting/leveling after the main story seemed kind of pointless since there was no PVP or place to really use it after you've maxed out. &amp;#x200B; I think what gives players longevity in a game is something to work toward, and I'm not sure if I've ever even heard of an MMO that steps outside of the tradition WoW style. &amp;#x200B; So take Anthem, all the Javelin classes (or add more in the future too), the flight, the beautiful environment (especially the underwater environments), and scale it up to a world the size of a typical MMO like FFXIV. Also add competitive PVP so players can strive for better gear and skins to fight each other as well. Maybe add 8+ player raids. &amp;#x200B; Would also be cool to implement some kind of hand-to-hand hack and slash combat similar to end game FFXV (not FFXIV). &amp;#x200B; Thoughts?",1554431713
b9vxss,I need phone ideas,"Hello, I need ideas for phone games, where the main thing is to click on the screen with timing. Like mr. Gun or knife throw, not like cookie clicker. thanks :)",1554494583
baoqfb,Need ideas for a 3D browser multiplayer game,"I have been experimenting with Three.js and other browser technologies, and have really wanted to start a new project. I first started out wanting to make a 2D 3/4 perspective pixel-style Battle Royale game in an HTML Canvas, but I'm not so sure anymore. I have kind of moved on to a 3D environment, using Three.js. Do you think this would be the best choice, or should I stick with my 2D pixel-style Battle Royale? If you said 3D, what game idea should I do? I want to do something multiplayer related, where players are involved in gun fights, but I think Battle Royale is too commonly thought of as stale gameplay.",1554693319
barc2d,A Marvel-lous Game,"Don't shoot me for being punny... &amp;#x200B; I'd love to see a full-fledged Marvel game with the Nine Realms of Yggdrasil and their subsequent Races (Asgardian, Jotunn, Light Elf, Vanir, Human etc...) playable with their own bonuses and fully customisable. Crafting system and Shadow of War's Nemesis System, Mount and Blade type companions and fighting system (customisable armour/ weapons/ stats)... Travel throughout each of the Nine Realms doing quests or going your own way. I could envision subpar graphics (Kenshi-level) in exchange for vast swathes of land open for exploration (Kenshi/ Elder Scrolls) and faction exploitation. A dynamic game, where the Realms don't just sit still but fight, expand their cities/ territories (if they have spaceflight), events for sightings of the Infinity Gems, or a Thanos-invasion, failed invasions (e.g. &gt;!Kree trying to bomb Earth to get Captain Marvel!&lt;), meet the big names Thor, Odin, Loki, Thanos, Iron Man... the list goes on and depends on your Race. Massive RPG with RTS elements, vast lands on each of the Nine Realms with each depicting their own unique styles. Wouldn't have to follow the MCU, but definitely resemble it to hook players. ",1554712670
bak84w,I Need an Idea for an SNES Game,,1554666209
b044a2,"A horror game that purposefully drops the framerate when the monster shows up, but the monster itself renders at full speed.","The game's engine is made to always render at a smooth 60fps, but at times it will repeat frames to simulate slowdown and frame stuttering. This is done to make the player think the game is optimized poorly. It's made to look like the game's spooky rendering effects, which kick in when the player's character is ""scared"", are too much for the engine to handle. However the framerate *really* tanks when the monster shows up, even if he's not on-screen. And when the monster appears in front of you, no matter how low the framerate dropped, the monster comes at you at full rendering speed. It's almost like he doesn't belong in the game.",1552369382
ay0rar,A game where you play as a butler to a delusional billionaire who wants to be a superhero.,"It was a normal day; you swept the floors, dusted the house, and made the bed of your Master: Bruce Crane. Around 3:00 you get a call from the hospital, Master Crane was assaulted! You Rush to the hospital to find him in a delusional state. You bring him home and put him to bed. The next day when he wakes up he proclaims that he is the world's newest superhero: Crane-Man. He dons his homemade costume and goes out to fight crime. &amp;#x200B; My idea for the game is a satirical game where you play as a butler and try to prevent ""Crane-Man"" from going out into the city and getting the crap beaten out of him all while maintain the house, paying the bills, repairing his car, and tidying his ""Crane-Cove""",1551889981
b4puxl,"A game where you wake up late and have to get to work on time, but everything seems to be against you","You wake up in your apartment and see that the time is 6:50 AM. Your shift starts at 7:00 AM SHARP. You have 10 minutes to get to work, but everything screws you over, kind of like an unfair game. The elevator doesn't work. The stairs are being mopped by an angry janitor. Your car doesn't want to start and panics. The bus you decide to ride on gets a flat tire. Your briefcase randomly opens and papers fly everywhere. Cars don't want to stop for the crosswalk. Sometimes you have to even risk your life on getting to work. &amp;#x200B; You can even make it where every time you play there's a different situation. For example, the elevator is broken and the stairs are available one time but the other way around a different play. &amp;#x200B; There could even be objects you need to find. Insurance papers, your briefcase, money for the bus, a lamp even.",1553384901
b83whd,Twisted metal style battle royale where you start as a single wheel and you loot car parts and weapons to build up your vehicle,,1554132712
ayqwiu,"What jobs could be recreated as a game similarly to ""Papers, please"" and ""Not tonight"" the best?",,1552055485
b1hp7h,"Sperm Royale! A game in which sperm battle it out to be the final one remaining that gets to fertilize the egg. Also could feature a ""Twins""/""Triplets"" mode where teams of two/three fight to the finish.","Eh, guys? Eh?",1552671052
b2u3ye,A vr libarary with all of Wikipedia. It would be like vr chat but with knowledge!,,1552978416
b6lpjs,An RTS where you fire everything out of a Cannon,"You start with a single base and a big Cannon. When you want to place a new building, you go into a first-person view to aim your cannon and fire. Wherever the building lands, it is built. The same with deploying units. You can zoom out to a top down map to get an overview, but most of the game is spent building/researching new units and shooting your cannon. The unit AI would be simplistic, you couldn't give direct orders. Once a unit lands somewhere, it will start a predictable behavior (advancing towards the nearest enemy, harvesting resources, etc). You can build an expensive new base (including a new cannon) and shoot it somewhere. Then you can start deploying from *that* cannon as well, spreading yourself across the map. Your gathered resources would also be the cannon's propellant. If you want to launch further, it costs more resources (and has more chance of inaccuracy). The most valuable resource fields would be surrounded by acid pits, making them risky to shoot for. There would be wind effects, or powers triggered by other players to interfere with your aiming (like a smoke screen that obscures your view of part of the map). This could also have a medieval theme using Catapults and Trebuchets.",1553794260
ayg28a,Game story idea,"The setting is an idealized small, 1950s town (at least it appears to be). You play an average dad with job, wife, 2.3 kids, etc. Your life seems Truman-show perfect, until you see a strange woman in the street. She yells, in a computerized vocie, that there is ""danger"" and you must ""wake up"". No one else seems to notice her. You brush it off and continue with your life. You're at the office, making water-cooler chit chat, when an alien monster appears from nowhere and brutally kills one of your coworkers. No one seems to notice. Things keep getting stranger. Sometimes the wall of your bedroom looks like a bulkhead, with blinking lights. Sometimes the gravity changes suddenly and everything floats for a while. The big reveal is that you're actually in cryosleep on a deep space exploration ship. To help your brain handle the extreme time you'll be travelling, the ships AI had created this false idyllic reality for you. The woman in the street was the ships Ai, and she was trying to warn you that *something unknown has boarded the ship* and is killing the other sleepers. So the game alternates between the small town dream and gritty, alien isolation-lioe SciFi horror. When you're awake, you can move around the ship and try to hide from the alien. But you need to return to the Dreamworld periodically, whether to preserve your own sanity of just access parts of the ships AI. That's all I got so far. Inspired by a weird dream I had last night!",1551984210
b2bw4f,Dating sim where the girls are all over you and your goal is to turn them off.,,1552867578
b8uu9b,"A detective game in which you can tamper with evidence, and the ethical dilemmas that arise from it.","This would be an otherwise normal detective game with open-ended criminal/murder cases. The major difference is that you have the ability to tamper with evidence if you wish. Oftentimes, the cases will be tough enough that the player will have managed to barely fall short of gathering the necessary evidence to close a case. And the only way to make sure the suspect is found guilty is to tamper with some evidence. Just a little. Just for this one suspect who is clearly the real criminal.",1554276216
az4eyz,GotM: We want to realize a game idea every month," Hello /r/gameideas! We are a group of Swedish game students that are starting up a small indie game studio called [Macaroni Studios](https://macaronistudios.com/). We are working on a concept we call GotM (Game of the Month), where the community comes up with a batch of game ideas and then put them up for a vote. The most upvoted idea is then realized as a mobile game by us, in only a month, and published on Google Play. Rinse and repeat, every month! Since the games are created in only a month, the game ideas must be short and concise, so not something like an MMORPG. Here are a couple of examples: * George of the jungle, in the city. George delivers pizzas, but everyone HATES George. * A vertical shooter where you cure diseases. With roguelike elements. * Climb to the top of a mountain by hardcore-praying to the almighty spaghetti monster. &amp;#x200B; What do you think of this? We would love to get your feedback. If you like the idea, we will create another post where you can post game ideas and get the first round going! &amp;#x200B; // Mickey, Frit &amp; Emil",1552144307
b4aejj,"A game I'll never make: In a planet inhabited by machines and ruled by mechanical deities, one robot struggles to uncover the meaning of a secret he was told at his creation: that none of this world was real.","The Lifegivers are the only ones capable of creating a robot. Each one bestows a different gift: a body, a name, a fate, etc. For an untold amount of time, they were all content with endlessly creating. After an untold amount of time, Meskhenet grew tired of endlessly watching the suffering and violence down on the world, endlessly sending her children to their deaths, endlessly making more to replace them. When it came time to instill yet another fate in yet another robot, she whispered a message: ""None of this world is real."" It was such a short, simple programming, but it would lead to the destruction of the entire cycle--after the deaths of many of her brothers, sisters, and children. **Story:** The game would likely start with the player, the robot, attempting to break out of the Robot Underworld (I don't have many official names but Robot Underworld definitely isn't one of them). They've tried many times to break out, but the underworld is teeming with violent machines, and even when they make their way to the end, bloodthirsty Ammit quickly puts a stop to it before they can even lay a finger on Anubis. However, after yet another failed attempt, the snake of chaos Apep gets a whiff of a good opportunity to do what he does best. I'm not sure exactly how that interaction would go down (fighting Apep would be awesome, having Apep as a friend or guide that pops up every now and then would also be awesome) but regardless, afterwards the player gets a tool or skill that enables them to fight through the Underworld, slay Ammit, and defeat Anubis. I'm not sure what happens from there, but it involves a lot of fighting, until eventually the player gets to the final boss Horus. There they find out Horus is actually a biosuit that housed the last human, left behind by his species for crimes unknown, who spent the rest of his existence creating and programming the foundation for everything as they knew it. **Setting:** Far future on on a planet, maybe Earth, though if it were it wouldn't really look like anything we'd recognize as Earth. Only the deities have even minor knowledge that humans once existed on the planet, and (this could be tweaked) only Horus and Meskhenet know the truth about their world. The Lifegivers would chill on a big structure way up in the sky, where they'd make their bots and send them down to the planet. I'm not sure if every single deity found in Egyptian mythology would be included, but I am sure their appearance would be more symbolic or inspired and less literal--that way there could be way more interesting bosses than just having Osiris, Isis, etc as human-shaped robots. Additionally, I probably wouldn't stress too much on being too literate or historically accurate, like making sure the Robot Underworld has the Hall of Two Truths or recreating the lore of how certain gods came to be. **Tone/Aesthetic/Vibe/Also Setting:** Shiny type of future. Think chrome, holographic, rainbow steel, a world with synthwave as its soundtrack. I'd like to go so far into the future that buildings and structures start looking pretty abstract. Let's not worry too much about what the robots use for fuel or why they have emotions or why some robots are vendors and others are criminals. Let's focus more on fast-paced fights in dope shiny robot cities, gleaming chrome pyramids, going toe to toe with a boss who's got a mohawk made of lasers, that type of stuff. **Gameplay:** I go back and forth between the game being an open world where you're free to roam and the game being more of one boss battle after another and the player experiences the world while traveling to the next boss. Either way, there'd be plenty of fighting with different weapons. After defeating bosses and maybe certain enemies, they'd drop stuff that you could use for yourself, from weapons and armor to things that would change how you fought a bit more; one example is a boss whose torso can spin around while he attacks, so you can defeat him and use that for yourself to overwhelm masses of enemies. Another is taking down a boss with some jetpack wings and then do flying attacks and maybe have access to secret areas. I'll stop myself from spewing even more and creating an even longer post! Even though I won't get to the point of being able to make such a game, I'm still compelled to think about and work on my little world of murderous robots. I can be terrible at getting what I'm envisioning across so feel free to ask questions or give feedback!",1553288495
b2z545,A base building FPS without offline raiding,"I love team based base building games like rust and ARK. My biggest complaint is that they require you to treat it like a fulltime job. My game idea is this. You can have up to ten people for your group. Each incorporated group is given a randomly generated plot of land. 5kmx5km with random forests and roads maybe a shed or two. Very woodland and natural. Your group is given shovels, axes, a 4 seater vehicle (think lada), basic bolt action firearms and shotguns, and a cache that is deployed from the vehicle. Once you deploy the cache that is where your base's center is. You can then begin fortifying your area. Digging trenches, building small basic shelters, pointed sticks to deny movement. These recipes are already granted but must be farmed to implement them. During this time you are unable to be raided. Only when your group turns on the signal. Will you start making more money and become susceptible to raids. When you turn off the signal; there is a 5 min cooldown before you become impervious to raids. It's a risk vs reward system. The longer you turn on the signal the more money but the higher target to other groups you become etc. I have a lot more but that's the basic idea. I would appreciate your inputs.",1553011136
b5pbm5,Medieval Swat,"This might be an idea too late because I have a feeling we are going to be saturated with swat games soon but still could work. So what I was thinking is a realistic swat game where you need to clear out and rescue civilians and take down ""terrorists"". The catch being you are in a medieval setting using bows, swords, shields, crossbows. You could have vip rescue targets like nobles and peasants that would give you less experience or funding from the king. What I think would also be cool (in a modern day swat game even) is having it be an open world where you need to transport your gear and such to a certain location, scope out the safest way to enter, clearing civilians, actually transporting to ""terrorists"" back to the dungeon just to make everything feel organic and like you are in control. I think the charm in it would be in taking a tactical experience and putting it in a setting it doesn't really fit and could open up a lot of creativity. Pulling up to a heretics house in a horse drawn cart peaking around corners and telling people to put their hands up at bow point sounds kind of fun to me. ",1553604704
ayxnoa,"A shooter that doesn't use precision/head shots, but shooting the head, arms, torso, and legs affect players differently.",Head = lower accuracy Arms = lower fire rate Torso = lower armor Legs = lower speed Make it more about what you shoot than just killing fast.,1552092226
aznruu,A Hit-Man inspired vampire game,"In this game, you would play as a vampire. The main goal is to sneak into a building, and fill your blood meter by killing as many people as you need. If people spot you, they will flee, and alert nearby people to run. As you go on, the levels get more and more difficult by adding more people, vampire hunters and other obstacles. In the menu there are 2 skill trees to invest points into. Combat and stealth. Combat abilities would allow you to kill targets easier and kill through crowds of people with ease. Stealth abilities would would help you sneak through buildings easier, with things like invisibility, teleportation and turning into bats and other rodents.",1552271247
b9iw50,A horror game about surviving your own imagination,"A multiplayer survival game where 6 people work together to make a part for a Frankenstein like monster. Each person cannot see what the other builds. Once every part has been created 5 of the people have to survive the monster they made. Using certain parts will give the monster different strengths and weaknesses. Using robotic parts will cause liquids to harm it however it will be able to scan for nearby survivors. The different part types could be robotic, undead, alien, prehistoric and a few more. The survivors must take advantage of the monsters weakness to destroy it.",1554414619
b1qbrm,"Reversing a ""merge"" game to make a ""split"" game?","I don't know if this is a thing that already exists. But basically it would be some kind of empire building or tycoon game. You'd start out with just one or a few units, level it/them up, and when they got to a certain level (maybe max, maybe only mid) they'd have an option to split into 2 lvl 1 units. So your empire or company would expand as you produced more units like this. And splitting units would have a high chance of producing at least one variant unit, so you'd get more varieties of units over time too.",1552725617
b2jak3,A cross platform faction based console game that predetermines your side depending on which console you connect with,,1552918884
b0o6x8,What about a horror VR game where main wears glasses,"A horror game where the main mechanic is the player has glasses, and when they are knock or hit, the glasses fall off and it gets blurry. Granted it would not be a pleasent experience but as a glasses wearer, theres nothing scarrier than losing glasses and bumbligg around as some horror looms over you, and you have to find those glasses to get out. I really feel for characters in movies where they loose their glasses, stumble around, and the big baddie crushes the glasses and kills the character (the mummy is a great example)",1552495602
b5wwc4,3:00 Until Closing,"You have to run around the maze of a shopping market finding items on your list. Sometimes someone took the last one. Do whatever you must do, just get your food before closing (3:00).",1553642537
b912vv,A SimCity style game where you also create a system of laws and influence the culture of your city.,"The game wouldn't just simulate things like population density, traffic and happiness, but would simulate the aspects of a culture. Things like religion, popular ideas and entertainment, politics, media, crime (blue and white collar). It could also be moddable, where modders could program in the ability for the city to be influenced by different cultural elements. This would probably require a team of sociologists to create. ",1554313154
b6cyxa,A Multiplayer City Builder Game for PC - How could we make this work? - Built in a day,"Hi all, I am a small indie game developer in Australia. I have been coding for over 4 years now and i have just started an indie game studio. We have begun developing our first game which is a multiplayer city building game for PC. If you're interested, and I would really appreciate it, feel free to check out the latest devlog [here](https://youtu.be/EFLF2wwqHYU). It will help with the understanding of this post. &amp;#x200B; Now this post is targeted towards gamers who have always enjoyed a good RTS or strategy game and are looking for their next strategy game to play with their friends. If this isn't you, please do still have a read through and let me know your thoughts. All opinions are welcome! &amp;#x200B; Now i will warn you, I have personally not seen this concept in a PC or console game before so it may be difficult to grasp. If you can think of a game that exists similar to what we are trying to create, please do comment it below and we can discuss what that game does and doesn't do well. This game has been inspired by 2 different games, and attempts to merge them into 1: [Banished](https://store.steampowered.com/app/242920/Banished/), a settlement builder that focuses on strict survival, growth, strict resource management and macro job allocation. [Catan](https://www.catan.com/), the classic strategy hex board game loved by many. &amp;#x200B; I wanted to spark some discussion around the concept of our new game to flesh out if it could be interesting or not and how a concept like this might play. Forums, and Reddit in particular, are incredibly powerful and I would like to try and merge the discussion and feedback early into the decision making and development of the game. &amp;#x200B; I would like to present this as simply and easy to read as i can, so i will break this down into the games core features as headings below. There is also plenty of information about the game on our website [here](https://www.cavernlightstudios.com/). I at least hope that any images or videos there help you visualise what a game like this will look like. 1. The gameplay is similar to a city building game. The game will play very much like Banished, where the goals of the players are to both survive in the environment and grow your empire. On the surface this may seem easy, however, the most common mistake people will make when playing a city builder, is to try to exponentially grow your populace without any infrastructure to support it such as food, housing, etc. 2. There is no combat. There is only economic and political conflicts. This concept really stems from Catan, which is why it can be a little difficult to conceptualize as a RTS style PC game. To win the game, you must: 1. Survive (not lose). 2. Grow quicker than opponents to claim a list of achievements. Each achievement is worth a different number of victory points, first player to a certain number of points win. \- Some achievements will be race like, and will only grant points to the first player to reach the achievements goal. \- Other achievements will only be granting points to the player that is dominating in a category, similar to the longest road in Catan. \- Other achievements can be claimed by any players once they reach a certain milestone. &amp;#x200B; That is a high level breakdown of Built in a day, how to play the game and a brief description of how to win. If you would like more information before commenting on the game, or would like some sort of visual aid as to what the game will look like, check out our website [here](https://www.cavernlightstudios.com/) and our latest devlog [here](https://youtu.be/EFLF2wwqHYU). &amp;#x200B; I look forward to the discussion here, and thank you all for the comments in advance. I will be checking in on this post frequently and replying where I can. &amp;#x200B; Cheers, Cavernlight Studios.",1553738053
b4j0k1,/r/GameIdeas inspired strategy game releases Free Version on the App Store!,"[Original Post] (https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/47ddj2/carrier_battle/) Got a lot of support from the /r/GameIdeas community on this game at launch, but quite a few players reached out and told me that for whatever reason they couldn’t afford the $3 upfront cost of the game. So today we’re releasing a free version on the App Store. [Youtube Trailer] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJY0X6C7KZw)[Carrier Commander: War at Sea - Free on the App Store] (https://itunes.apple.com/app/carrier-commander-war-at-sea/id1447673490) Hope this makes the game accessible to a lot of you guys who wanted to play it! Android version next… ",1553346724
ayfunx,Reverse Just Cause RTS,"The game plays like an RTS/City Builder. Only the map is already complete. And there is one very strong NPC that is going around destroying your towns. You need to organize troops to counter any attacks and defend towns that have yet to be attacked. You only know where this NPC when they engage your troops, so you also need to send out scouting parties and anticipate where they will attack next. &amp;#x200B; As you play you unlock ""boss troops"" which you can deploy and directly control to engage the NPC. ",1551983133
b5misi,A stealth game about being shoemaker elves that secretly help a poor human family with their tasks.,"I'm a fan of The Legend of Zelda: The Minish Cap and the titular Minish/Picori, the mouse-like elves that secretly live beside humans. They're a reference to a German tale about tiny elves that help a poor shoemaker at night while he sleeps. The idea of these tiny magical creatures helping a needy family despite risking getting caught pulls at my heart strings, and I think could make for a decent story-heavy stealth game. The game involves staying hidden as you ""Ratatouille"" your way throughout the house to help with real-time tasks. Meanwhile, the human family's scripted story plays out all around you. There's a struggling single parent dealing with serious issues, a helpless baby, and a young child trying his/her best to take care of their baby sibling. Your magical race isn't supposed to interact with humans, so you are breaking the rules to help them.",1553583588
b34ows,An classic rpg about regular townsfolk getting together to save the day.,The setup would be something like all the heros and soldiers went to fight the villian and never came back so regular people gotta step up. They would all use their professions as part of their moves. The farmer would use animals and farm tools to fight for instance. ,1553038745
b1etbr,A farming-style game (in the vein of Stardew Valley) set in an apocalyptic wasteland,"**Premise** The premise of the game is that you have been sent out from your community after a nuclear war has devastated the world in order to provide food for your community. Your community is nearing on starvation as supplies scavenged from supermarkets and homes are becoming increasingly scarce. Your community needs to grow its own food before these supplies run out totally. &amp;#x200B; **Gameplay** You start out with a small plot of land and a few seeds given to you by the community to begin growing food. The player then plants the seeds, makes sure to water the crops and waits for it to grow. But the wasteland is a dangerous place and many other people out there will see the operation of a small farm as an opportunity. The player will need to build defences, hire security, and improve their crop yields by purifying water, making compost from plant waste (like carrot tops, wheat stalks, etc). Plants take about 7 ingame days to grow, and every month, a merchant will come along to buy the produce and sell seeds and other necessities. But not all seeds can be bought, or the farm will soon go out of business. It is on the player to allow a certain amount of their crop to go to seed to allow collection of seed to expand planting for the next cycle. In addition to this, the player would need to reserve enough of the crops to allow them to survive the harsh winter months without dying from starvation. Eventually, the player could hire farmhands from the community after they have established their role as a primary producer for the community. The farmhands would take care of watering, harvesting, and planting areas that the player marks for them to work. As the farm grows, and the player is making more money, the player could buy plots of adjacent land to expand their farms, hire more farmhands, and more security personnel. This, however, comes at more than a monetary cost. The larger their farm grows, the more of a target they become, and the more people who will want to take what is not theirs. There could also be an option of raising animals as well, though the player would have to ensure to grow enough food to feed the animals in question. Through the story mode of the game, the game would slowly morph from a regular farming sort of game to more of a lite business simulation, and players would need to plan accordingly to make sure they keep profits coming in so that they can continue to grow and evolve. There could be an extra layer of complexity for harder modes, where, after a time, the community runs out of scavenged foods and begins to rely totally on the farm. If the player only provides one sort of food all the time, members of the community begin to suffer from malnutrition from only having one type of food to eat, which drives down prices for the food being grown and raising prices for alternative foods. &amp;#x200B; **Difficulty of Creation** I can absolutely see this going a long way in the hands of a small indie dev team. The depth and scale of the game could be easily managed by even a small team, and most of the more complex stuff happens behind the scenes. I can imagine this being more pixel art than fully rendered, I think that would suit the game best. It's more about the story than the looks of the game. ",1552655673
azcfhm,Pigeon Simulator,Basically Goat simulator but you are a pigeon and you fly around the city pooping on things and eating the food that old ladies feed you.,1552194434
b97c1n,Horror Game where you’re guided by a string in a forest.,"Yes the title sounds generic as hell but it’s actually more “unique” than it sounds. The mechanics of the horror game are as follows: The bare basics of the mechanics involve you having to follow a string to make it out of a forest. Simple right? However, as you stay next to the string, your character can feel vibrations in the string that warn you of the “monster” being near. When you feel the string vibrate you’ll have to figure out if you should run or hide like most horror games. The monster itself will either be far away from you (hide) in clear sight of you (hide if you can but be ready to run) or literally breathing on your neck (run like the dickens). Yet, the thing is you want to avoid having to run as much as possible because the farther out of sight the string is, the higher the chance of it “moving” to another location becomes. This is sucky for you because you can only progress out of the forest BY following the string, and the monster’s threat increases drastically as you now have no hint as to if he’s coming at you. ——— In terms of the monster itself, it moves at your speed BUT teleports randomly when not getting looked at. (Your speed is drastically slowed when walking backwards so you can’t give him the SCP-173 treatment) It’s eyes pull your camera towards it when you see it and slow you down when looked at. (Think of slenderman except he still moves when looked at and teleports (less often than Slender) in front of you instead of behind you. ) ——— TL-DR: You feel for the monster on a string that also leads out of the forest. However going out of sight of the string risks it teleporting somewhere else, encouraging hiding until absolutely necessary or when the monster is closer than you thought. The monster is slow yet threatening due to it’s teleportation and eyes. Note: This is a pretty unrefined idea for a horror game I’m thinking of making in the future. I’ve gotten into game development recently, and just started learning about this kind of stuff :D ",1554346173
b7cdkb,"Animal kingdom, an online game where you either play as a prey or predator","Online survival game set in a savannah or woods, where you can play as various animals such as bears, lions, tigers, wolves, hyenas and many more, and kill other players, survive and build a pack. It's first person and each animal is suited to it's own skills like in real life, smaller animals need to take on large predators together whereas larger predators are slower but more powerful.",1553959022
b9bjtv,"I just realized this was a place to post ideas you want Game Devs to do, not to criticize a game you plan to make","I went on here and posted a horror game idea based on a string and only now realized this subreddit is for ideas I won’t ever actually make, and are meant for the GameDevs here to make them. However now some people said they’ve recorded the idea. When I saw that I got a bit worried as I thought this thread was about criticizing ideas. Just now I came on the website on my PC and read the description for the subreddit. (I plan to start work on this game within 2 years when I have enough skills to do it) *Shit.*",1554377640
b3tmun,Idea for a low populace battle royale,"A ""low populace battle royale"" game sound a bit like an oxymoron: isn't battle royale genre about a huge number of players? &amp;#x200B; Well, kind of: the problem is, contrary to most multiplayer genre... the issue with Battle Royale is that you constantly need an huge number of players (sound beyond the number of player you need for a single match). &amp;#x200B; If any indie is going to try to make a BR.. they will mostly likely to fail, or, as did happen for PUBG Corp any random ""smart guy"" like Tim Sweeney with lot of money they have, they can buy you out of business (with brute force f2p model that few indie could afford anyway). &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; So, what's the idea about this \*low populace battle royale\* anyway? &amp;#x200B; Basically, instead of a single character actor.. each player is give up to 10 android to control: they can control all of them but, here's the catch, only one at time. Plus, switching between your androids require some time: so you need to be very careful into pick which android you actually chose to scout around and the one you left ""idle"" at the mercy of other players. &amp;#x200B; It need just ten players to fill a map with 100 actors; yeah, only 1/10 of them are actually active players: but this number can be scaled up or down on the basis of the kind of gameplay (if you got 20 players, you can switch to 5 'droids per player and you're already 5/10... or if this get enough interest things can be fully scaled to 100 players (1000 android actors on a single map). &amp;#x200B; Understanding the mechanics (example for Basic strategy) You need to hide your other 9 droids: quick and fast. Also you need to place them in a good strategy position. First instinct would tell you to scatter them around the map: would need a prototype for this game to see how things would actually work, but I \*\*suspect\* that the best strategy would to keep them closer: if someone attack/sacrifice one of your android in idle... you get to know the exact position of attacker: another android of yours can snipe him/her out before they run away with their loot. For the same reason, it may be risky to throw yourself into attack a idle android: it may be a trap. &amp;#x200B; possible feature to make this mechanics more incisive: 1) normally you need to wait 5\~10 seconds to switch between androids... but when a android of yours is ""killed"" you can instantly switch to the closer one (no need to check the map) or select pick (you get a special count down of 20 seconds to chose a androids in which immediately switch into). 2) the first bullet/damage the androids take give its owner the chance to instant-switch inside that android. Other players that may want to attack your android need to be cautions and no haste attack, instead they need to plan accurately to ""in one single deadly attack"" &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; I got few more idea about this project, willing to share if there's interest: if there's a team that want try to make a prototype of it, I am up to give top exclusivity for other features I had in mind (otherwise, I'll simply share those ideas with everyone: so Epic can just copy them into their own BR thing XP ) &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; Tell me the things you things you think it wouldn't work: I'll try my best to extend the concept to meet those concerns &amp;#x200B; As for concerns related to work-hours money and other costs: that's a factor you can't control by adding features/contents but by removing them. I'll do my best to scale down the idea.",1553190732
ayipj0,Generation ship builder/sim,"The idea is simple: you project and build a [generation ship](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generation_ship). Then watch it go through space. And fail miserably along the way from various random circumstances, sci-fi cliches, your bad planning and cultural decline (see: [population size effect](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19498164) on maintaining certain level of cultural complexity). Gameplay: **1) Build it.** basically you build a Dwarf Fortress, except you don't know how it will work out for those poor pioneers and generations of their descendants; **2) Simulate** your design choices. No direct control. This is where math model machinery start to work. **3) Random events** based on your choices / ship state (so, basically, Oregon's trail with all the fun and without all the weird gameplay, or Banner Saga without this mildly enjoyable turn-based rpg) **4) Reaching destination** is possible: many say they did it, but no recordings on youtube.",1551998180
b56aw9,My next game idea,"So, I've been trying to make games recently. Already made one which is over [here](https://kalvin-chen2001.itch.io/the-floor-is-lava-platformer) and now I want to make the next one. My next game would be something like multiplayer pacman, like Pac-Man VS. on Gamecube / Nintendo DS. When pacman dies it become the ghost, and ghost become pacman when it dies. Pretty much like the original game, pacman eats the beans and the ghost chase after him. Pacman wins the game by clearing the maze three times and ghost win the game by killing pacman three time, this give each player three lives. That's all about the mechanic of my next game, feel free to tell me what you think about it, any opinion and comments will be appreciated. Thanks ;)",1553489110
b1xg54,"Escape room type game, except you aren't trying to leave","So I've been thinking for a bit about a Granny-type game where you need to find objects to unlock locks, break doors etc. But, the twist, you entered to find something. It could start out where you move towards a building or just a general area with a childhood memory, or maybe, a sentimental object from your childhood. You basically break in, or enter normally, depending on the place, and find objects like keys, and tools, to get to your objective. You try in vain to find it, and at the end, it can have a mini cinematic like, well, Granny. Depending on what you want, it can have just one building, or a whole campaign type err.. thingy. Now, obviously, it needs a monster, or driving force. I'm thinking it could be a physical incarnation of dread, or regret etc. I don't think a traditional killer would work. Tell me what you think.",1552770994
ayepkh,"A game like Super Hot, but time only moves when you're seeing","There would be a game mechanic allowing you to close your eyes, and when you do so time stops, except for you. You could have a room full of enemies surrounding you, then you have to quickly remember where you are, close your eyes and then move around to get away from the enemies",1551977380
b71xx8,Ever played mine craft and wished for more?,"Ever since I played minecraft, I marveled at it's simplicity and over all addictiveness and how cool a voxel based world was. But I always yearned for more. Minecraft is really blocky because voxels are static cubes, and with that I had a thought. What if you made a game that was based on voxels, but the voxels were dynamic. The space it occupies would be a static cube yes, but the cube itself could be partials of things. I.e. say you have a cube that is 90% dirt and 10% diamonds and an algorithm just decides where said diamonds should be in the dirt. You mine it and you get 1 unit of dirt that can be added to 1 unit of dirt and to make a cube of dirt you need a specific weight of dirt. A cube of dirt could be 40% empty with a gradient giving the terrain slope and curves etc and allowing surfaces that are not flat. Also cubes would have surfaces that things can be attached to. So to build a house you could build planks of wood and stick them up just like you would a real house, etc. How about a better crafting system? Let's put a real electronics simulator in the game and let people design actual circuits in some kind of blueprint system and actual produce PCB's and use them in things and be able to run wire through walls instead of on the surface of things. Also engines and various mechanical things, have it so you can build a working motor with an output shaft and use it to spin things, build cars. Gary's Mod + Minecraft + more And then the physics... Let's make water have better physics and make it so that rain fall actually attributes to lake levels and rivers actually lower lake levels and a drought can actually run a lake dry, etc etc. All the trees/grass etc absorb water so come up with some math to describe the rate at which that happens and have all of it effect water levels. The crafting system, engines, etc you could make hydrolic pumps and move water from one place to another. You could desalinate ocean water with a machine you built. You could build a bulldozer and use it to level terrain much more quickly. Etc etc etc. Ambitious idea, but how cool would that be?",1553889632
b1q4ss,A series of 1v1s until you lose - opponent is on identical winning streak. Blind weapon/ability loadout gated by a percentage based system.,**example of match-making** &amp;#x200B; player A (has sequentially won 3 1v1s) vs. player B (has sequentially won 3 1v1s) &amp;#x200B; **example A loadout** &amp;#x200B; sniper (50%) roll (20%) smoke (30%) &amp;#x200B; **example B loadout** &amp;#x200B; AR (40%) passive shield (20%) active health regeneration (40%),1552723740
b284jj,Engineer Hero,"Based on a very vivid dream I had. It seemed to take place in a world reminiscent of Fallout, but one where neutron-esque bombs were used-- Very little blast damage; Most people just suddenly dropped dead around dinner time one day. The game is set sometime in the future, in a world now mostly inhabited by monsters. Think Monster Hunter sized, and very dangerous. You (protagonist) live within a colony of survivors inside an old airport terminal, one that isn’t doing well. It seems that for some reason, storms drive the local wildlife crazy, and tonight a particularly bad one seems to be brewing. Your people will do what they usually do: Put up the barricades, snuff out the lights, hide, but this night might be your last. But aha! Unbeknownst to your friends, you found a relic from the age before the world ended. Sort of a book combined with a quest log, but one that gains enhanced functionality the more you work with it. So far it’s promised you knowledge, and you’ve been dutifully feeding it bits of scrap metal no one would miss. When you found it enough, it changed from a book to a fold-out table. So you fed it more, until it gained a recycling machine to directly grind metal into useful parts. As the monsters outside are driven mad by the lightning and the rain and begin breaking through the barricades, at last your new friend gains a last addition: An assembler to smoosh all those parts into useful devices. Cramming in scrap as fast as you can, it begins popping out turrets. Turrets that, while basic in nature, are numerous enough to drive back the wildlife and save your friends. As the storm breaks at dawn, you emerge with your turrets and tiny factory, confident that you now have the know-how to not only cause your colony to survive, but thrive in this hostile and broken world. The primary focus of this dream-game seemed to be centered around fulfilling the increasingly difficult requirement to expand your “book” and its functionality, and then using that increased functionality to better your colony. Think expanding it: Using aggressive turret placement to reclaim surrounding territory from monsters, then fortifying that territory and using it to… say, farm food, build housing within, or gather resources, depending on context. The technology you had at your disposal starts off very basic -- I remember the turrets I was able to produce were very bad, and were really only good when you had a ton of them -- but gets more effective (and expensive) the more you unlock things in your book. Gameplay found you adventuring outward into the surrounding ruins to hunt for useful scrap while dodging (or not) hostile wildlife and the occasional raider, seeking out mysteries of the pre-apocalyptic world, and helping your fellow survivor. The catch is, you are not a very strong or hardy warrior. The protagonist is rather short and can’t carry much, relying on a wagon you take everywhere to do most of the hauling of the things you find. Combat is based on using finesse and, more importantly, smarts to outwit your generally much larger and much more powerful enemy. You either have to come prepared: Sacrificing wagon space (and potentially colony safety) to bring turrets with you to help you fight, or forego them and more or less rely entirely on what you can find in the world to fight with - either, say, picking up a piece of rebar, or using the environment to trick, hinder, or harm them. ",1552846701
b5ca3z,Has 2001 ever been done as a game?,We are approaching a moment when 2001 technology looks plausible: We have Reaction Engines Skylon space plane being looked into: https://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-47585433 There are a lot of talks of space stations like this one from Gateway foundation: https://youtu.be/vTNP01Sg-Ss AI's are getting better every single day. Elon Musk is talking about going to Mars and Moon. The world of 2001 is not only possible. But at this point it seems like something that WILL happen. Why not make a game out of 2001? Making it possible to explore the Space Station V. The Clavius space station and other locations. Maybe make the game to happen simultaneously with the movie plot. As a person who is doing something relating to the main movie plot. Where his actions make the main movie plot able to continue. Maybe fighting the Russians who are trying to discover what is going on? Trying to decode the monolith and its secrets. A plot that is tied 100 percent to the movie plot line. It would not be the easiest plot line to write. But I imagine it could be done. I understand a lot of people would think it would be a sacrilege and it might be nigh impossible to get the rights from the Kubrick right holders.. But what do you think?,1553528808
b4s2km,"Good Boy, A Zany Post-Apocalyptic Survival Game (in which you are a dog)","This is a long description of a game idea I had that I wanted opinions on. I wrote this out as if it existed, but don't for a second think that it currently does. However, if someone were to read this and decide ""imma make that,"" it would be pretty nice if I could at least get a message or two saying that so I can at least get some credit. Some cut of profits as the originator would be nice too. Anyways, on with the game itself. #**Premise** Good Boy would be a free-roam survival simulator focused on building up and supplying a small base for you and your family. There would be a ‘story mode’ of levels which change as the family moves across a post-apocalyptic US. Each level is a different open area of increasing difficulty. Beyond this there would be a randomly generated ‘endless mode’ where the map resources and enemies regenerate after every day that passes. Also, you are a dog. Yes, that’s right, a dog. You start as a standard, rather typical yellow Labrador retriever, and your family are the Joneses: Daniel, the accountant father of the family who peaked in High School; Carol, the paralegal mother who got married when she had kids at 18; Sarah, the eldest child at 17, who has a rebellious and pessimistic attitude; and Jake, the ever optimistic 12 year old boy who loves you dearly. Approximately 3 months ago, the world ended. We’ll get to how in a second. But first, like I mentioned, you’re a dog. A very loyal dog, and a very smart one. You also happen to have a strong resistance to any diseases, rather adaptive genes, and an impressive healing rate. Isn’t that nifty? And it’s quite luckily the Joneses have you around, because they, to put it bluntly, really f*cking suck at surviving. This isn’t to say they’re totally helpless, nor are they absolute morons who you’ll have to worry about getting killed all the time. No the biggest problems are a lack of necessary skills, constant bickering, and ever dwindling mental and physical health. These basic suburbanites aren’t exactly the type for surviving the end of the world, but, damn it, you’re going to try your best to ensure they do. Why? Because you’re a very good boy. #**The Basics** So what does this entail? First it’s going to mean getting them supplies. At first, this means going out and searching for what’s most essential, as you can only take one item at a time in your mouth to start (Opposable thumbs sure would sound good, eh?). Don’t fret, you’ll soon have a rag to carry a few items in but wrapping them in the rag as you carry it in your mouth. Then you can get a neck pouch for small items, a sack to drag, and then an actual backpack you get on and off by pulling on cords. Canned food, weapons, ammunition, medicine, tape, even things to help boost their sanity, you must go out and retrieve them. As you bring the supplies, the Joneses will make use of them. Daniel was an accountant and Carol had a health nut and minimal living phase so they know how to ration and how to make use of their limited resources. No need to worry about reminding them to eat or treat their wounds (Though their rate of consumption/thoughtless consumption can be modified). But it isn’t just resources. You are a good boy, but sometimes good boys have to do bad things. Like killing. You’ll have animals to scare off or kill, possibly as meat for your family, though you’ll have to bring the meat back home for that, and some won’t be healthy for them. But there will also be bandits a plenty, or even zombies (and you’re thankfully immune!), that you will have to kill to keep your family safe, especially since knowledge of a family of only 4 with good resources means they are bound to get attacked. Finding tools and supplies will allow the Joneses to fortify and improve their living, and getting them weapons will mean they can fight back without you. #**Apocalypse Mechanics** But critical resources and enemy types, as well as the environment, will depend greatly on just *how* the world ended. It can be one of three reasons in the endless mode, but it is all three in the story, just to lessened degrees: 1 - *The Nuclear Apocalypse:* War erupted between powerblocs of nuclear armed nations and mutually assured destruction was set to commence. Missile defense systems, however means it was most just major cities that were hit, and the power grids failed. The wilderness is safe from any deadly radiation, but you still have to watch for radiation sickness, and there are, of course, the plethora of bandits and newly mutated creatures **(Easy Mode)** 2 - *The Zombie Apocalypse:* Foolish governments tested one too many biological weapons, and a breach in containment meant that soon a necrotic plague was hitting the Earth. The dead rise and a bite means infection. A preventative drug was developed, as well as a treatment for early infection, but far too late. All that could be done was dropping shipments across the world as civilization collapsed. You will need to find supplies, particularly medicine, and deal with the zombies and zombified animals. **(MEDIUM MODE)** 3 - *The Natural Apocalypse:* After years of foolish pollution, climate change and human development have caused the end of civilization as seas rose, earthquakes triggered, and super-volcanoes like Yellowstone erupted. The rapidly altered environment will make resources scarce, and yet survival is all the more difficult, and with bands of desperate survivors fighting over scraps and dangerous animals roaming the land in a new and unstable food chain. **(HARD MODE)** 4 - *The Supernatural Apocalypse:* So, turns out that Vampires, Werewolves, Demons, and a plethora of other creatures are real, and were, for the most part, kept in check and out of sight. But it seems some idiot did some kind of ritual that not only unleashed the forces of darkness from another dimension onto Earth, but empowered and emboldened the ones already here. Supplies will be plentiful, but it will be incredibly dangerous, with monsters at every turn. **(ALT HARD MODE)** 5 - *The Tetrapocalypse:* First it was a war between nations, one that grew desperate until nukes were launched, but sabotage of energy grids and computer systems meant only a handful sprinkled the each countries’ cities. But in response to the tectonic force of the bombs and the release of heat and flame, earthquakes came and several volcanoes erupted as the seas sharply rose. To make things worse, this was all because of the manipulations of some demonic cult that decided the Earth was now ready for all manner of monster to roam it. And amidst all of this a bioweapon in the form of a zombie plague was unleashed, slowly spreading around the world. The Joneses are trying to survive in this madness, but the sparse nuking, more controlled climate change, a thankfully incompetent cult, and far less rapid zombie plague means that supplies are plentiful to those who can find them, but so are zombies, mutated animals, and bandit-survivors. **(STORY MODE)** 5 - *The F*cking All-pocalypse:* Like in Story Mode’s Tretrapocalypse, all four Apocalypses hit, but each are at full strength. Super-eruptions, mega-hurricanes, demon swarms, vampire covens, zombie hordes, a virulent plague, insane survivalists and a thorough nuclear bombardment are all in effect. Resources will be hard to find but high in demand on all accounts. **(EXTREME MODE)** 6 - *The Custom Apocalypse:* You choose which apocalypses are in effect and their severity, as well as resource wealth, enemy difficulty, and how incompetent the Joneses are. Each apocalypse has some unique resources or unique variants. Medicine is a perfect example. In any kind of Nuclear Apocalypse, you will need to find Nuke-B-Gone, which helps the Joneses deal with any radiation they absorb, especially from food. Furthermore, there are mutated foods that can grant them some buffs, albeit at a radiation spike. In any kind of Zombie Apocalypse, the medicine needed is the Infectious Necrosis Reversal Serum, also known as NecroRev, which reverses the effects of early infection. Alongside that is Z-Resist, which makes someone resistant to getting infected in the first place. In the case of infection with Vampirism and/or Demonic Infection that comes with a Supernatural Apocalypse, you need to find Holy Water and Anointing Oil, as well as a Holy Text, not that you as a dog actually know what religion said text belongs to. In a Natural Apocalypse, the main medical resources are heavy filters and testing kits. Filters help to deal with ash, toxic fumes, and make air breathable, and are also useful in a Nuclear Apocalypse, but heavy filters are needed for the newly hostile environment of a Natural Apocalypse. Testing kits look for any harmful substances that have gotten into water or food, as tends to happen after natural disasters, and is also the equivalent to the Nuclear Apocalypse’s geiger counter. On top of resource, the Apocalypse changes enemies. Bandits are found throughout, but in a Nuclear Apocalypse there are also mutated animals, like a glowing, three-headed bear and an acid spewing big snake. In the Natural Apocalypse, regular animals are more present and more aggressive, as well as more varied. In a Zombie Apocalypse, zombified forms of animals are present, which are more durable, but slower, and can cause infection (it’ll wear off on you, but not any Joneses without NecroRev). And in a Supernatural Apocalypse, prepare to come across hellhounds, werewolves, imps, and other monsters, including vampires, who can look human from afar, but reveal themselves as they morph into uncontrollable nosferatu creatures. So with those kinds of enemies, you’re probably thinking, “How in the Hell is a dog going to fight all that, or even just survive them long enough to get away?” I’m glad you asked. #**Combat &amp; Mutation** Combat functions in two forms for you: open and stealth. You will want to rely on stealth combat as much as you can, like your lupine ancestors. Keep low, keep slow, and keep in the shadows as you try to get the drop on enemies, killing them silently or at least quickly. At first, this will mostly involve using your teeth to bite at their throats and weakpoints, as well as dragging your target out of sight if possible. In open combat, if you’re unable to get a stealthy kill, you have your teeth as well as your claws some swiping, but your speed at getting in, getting a good bite and tear, and getting out with a jump, roll, or run will be your best asset. Dodging attacks is truly vital. But even still, you can only do so much with these basic moves. What’s a dog to do? Well, logically you have to alter your genome in horrific ways. This introduces mutations. In a Nuclear Apocalypse, the way to do this is rather simple; there are a number of mutated plants and small animals all around. Eating radioactive prey or plants has a chance to mutate you overnight. You’ll gain sharper, longer teeth, more mass, a second head, or a bone spike on your tail, or even small helpful arms. You won’t look pretty, but you will become more lethal, with more moves available. In a Zombie Apocalypse, the plague is an adaptable specimen, so eating zombified flesh has a chance to cause changes, which mostly are defensive, increasing your healing and ability to function while injured, as well as things like thickened bone plates on your sternum, back, or joints, making those areas more durable, or you may even gain a poisonous bite yourself! In a Supernatural Apocalypse, mutation comes from curses, which can come from eating creatures, but also from finding ritual circles and completing them, usually by bringing an ingredient. Rarer but more powerful, curse mutations can give you things like invisibility, incredible speed, near invulnerability to physical attacks, literally being on fire, a scorpion tail, and a plethora of other monstrous changes. These all come with downsides, like needing human blood or being unable to stealth well, to counter their power. Now lastly is the Natural Apocalypse. On the one hand, there is very little logical way to work in a mutation mechanic in a world ravaged by natural disasters. On the other hand, that’s not the way this game is supposed to be. In the Natural Apocalypse, if venturing into the right areas, there is a chance (which can possibly be disabled) to find Mutagen-C, an experimental product being tested when the apocalypse hit. Mutagen-C forces mutation based on environmental stimuli. What this will mean is unlocking useful traits, such as breathing underwater/lung capacity, better night vision, spines in your coat, thicker skin, and other more ‘natural’ changes. And that’s the general breakdown; radioactive mutation is mostly combat focused, zombie mutation is mostly defensive, supernatural curses being highly offensive but with great costs, and natural are general buffs and unlocking abilities, none as powerful as other types but generally useful. In scenarios with more than one kind of apocalypse, you can mix and match the types together. Some mutations that overlap, however, like, say, a hellhound’s scorpion-tail and radiation-induced bone spikes, will cause the older of the two to be overrided. Mutations are also random, so you don’t know what you’ll get. #**The Joneses &amp; Home** When you begin a level, the Joneses will have set-up shop in a new home of some kind. It may be an abandoned cabin, an old gas station, stranded RV, or some other kind of isolated location that is still close to areas with resources. The Joneses aren’t stupid, they’re just inept. They know they needed weapons, food, and supplies, but don’t know exactly how to get it. You, however, do. This is thanks to the great gift of dogs’; their nose. Using scent, you can pick up on the direction of things like medicine, canned goods, prey, and enemies, a skill you can refine by discovering what new scents are by getting closer. This means you have a means of getting what the Joneses need. Sometimes, however, the Joneses will have to help you rather than the other way around. Finding them weapons will help them defend themselves, but it will also mean you can take one to two of the Joneses with you out into the wilderness. One Jones will have some stealth, though not great, and two will be harder to hide, but they improve with trips out with you. You will mostly need to lead them to caches, which are large amounts of supplies you can’t carry yourself. These might be crates of medicine, whole boxes of food, containers of ammunition, even gun cases. There will also be resources like wood, game, and metal scrap that you can either lead them to harvest or you can have them stay somewhere so you can travel less distance as they packmule supplies. Be warned, as while walking back, their burden means you will need to protect them, and when you yourself are carrying items, unless you have an upgraded pack, you will need to drop it to engage in fighting. With wood and scrap, the Joneses can fortify their home, and having supplies means they can go longer in safety. Weapons will help them survive attacks, and you can also bring them books, which will allow them to learn new skills, like making traps, wards, healing items, and so on, some of which will require you finding them certain resources. There is also their mental health to consider. Finding items like chocolate (be sure not to eat any yourself!), beer, board games, fiction books, and other frivolities will improve their sanity. You can also (very rarely) find a sane survivor, who you can protect and lead back home. The Joneses may welcome them if they have enough resources and sanity to be able to tolerate a stranger, who can bring great benefits to the base at the cost of having another mouth to feed, body to heal, and life to protect. These benefits include defenses far superior to what the Joneses can ever learn, a free but small daily supply of a resource like food or medicine, or even a permanent boost to sanity and skills in the field. The Joneses can also craft things for you. This includes better packs, which is vital, but also medicinal treats to carry with you at the cost of inventory space, and can grant you small buffs, like blessing you to make all demons take more damage for the day, or a small treatment of Nuke-B-Gone to make you immune to radiation damage for the day. They can also, perhaps most crucially, make you some gear. This includes pads for your feet that makes you quieter, or leather protective gear for more resistance to physical attacks, or even metal armor to give you resistance to bullets. Some of these things will take books to teach, and will need resources gathered, but the Joneses can keep you safer and healthier. You also rest at home, healing damage, and your presence improves their sanity, particularly whoever you choose to cuddle up to for the night. The Joneses will also have personal quests and dilemmas you can help with to the best of your ability. Their happiness and safety is your ultimate goal. If a Jones dies, it will be devastating to morale and their ability to provide for themselves, though whoever it is will mean different effects. Daniel’s death will mean poorer rationing, leading to greater need for resources; Carol’s death will mean poorer organization, leading to more mistakes in the field; Sarah’s death will mean greater arguments and poorer stealth, resulting in a higher chance of attacks; and Jake’s death will mean a massive hit to sanity and a negative trend to it without his optimism, requiring more effort to keep it up. Should all the Joneses die, you will too out of grief. In general, Daniel will become reckless if he is the last survivor, Sarah will suicide, and Carol will become withdrawn and wither away without excessive care. Only Jake can go on alone, but he is also the least skilled and poorest at combat, making him very vulnerable. You’ll have to do a lot to keep your family safe. You’ll have to do things you may not like, and risk life and limb. You will have to change what you are, be that becoming deformed or even monstrous. But you’ll do it, because no matter what you have to do or what you look like, you know what you are: a good boy. ",1553399037
b0yser,A Single-Player/Co-op RPG in an MMORPG setting.,"BTW I'm not talking about any of the Sword Art Online games although I did have inspirations from it. &amp;#x200B; You are one of the characters in a ""Stuck in a video game"" setting, most characters you interact with are other ""player characters"", they have names, they level up, form parties, join guild as time goes on, what they do is actually fixed, and can be affected by your actions (kill them enough times and they'll delay some of their future actions because they are too low leveled, making friends with them stops them from joining a rival in the future etc.) &amp;#x200B; The game has a soft time limit, since it ends after you defeat the Final Boss, if you don't defeat it first, other characters will if you let them get powerful. Depending on your actions you'll get different endings, New Game+ will be a prominent feature. &amp;#x200B; Some examples of player actions: (Note by ""players"" I mean other characters not real players) * Killing other ""players"" preventing them from getting stronger and a chance to steal their loot; but you'll receive a PKers penalty and you'll be hated (and loved) by some characters especially your target. * Forming parties with other players to go hunting together. * Romancing certain players and even getting married in-game. * Creating a guild and recruit players or join an existing one. * Duel with a powerful player to make you more well known, or not.",1552560068
b18m1o,Horror Game Concept,"So you’re playing as someone that is stuck in a house trying to escape. There is also an enemy of some sort. The protagonist must progress up the house/hotel/building/whatever to get to the roof wherein (s)he escapes via fire escape (all the windows are barred.) They must also collect objects on their way to the top in order to progress (e.g. a crowbar to pry open a door, keys to unlock a gate, get creative.) However, while the player can see perfectly fine, they cannot hear anything. What the audience *can* hear however, is audio from the enemy’s point of view. You must be stealthy, and if you make too much noise, you just might be able to hear it, and the enemy doesn’t like hearing loud noises or else it comes for you and attacks you.",1552612587
ayeklr,space game idea,"a game where the universe is almost over and there is almost nothing left, so you pilot your ship around finding other ships and looting them, fighting against others who try to do that to you and boarding other ships to sneak around and take things like food and fuel",1551976689
b7ybde,Bootcamp sim,"Ello beloved game creators. I had a idea for a prison architect type game, where you are in charge of training people to be sent out to war (WW2 would be a nice setting). You could have monthly requirements set by the government, and you would be in charge of doing ""marketing"" and training them with guns, tanks and planes. I really hope someone has any knowledge to make this and try to do something with my idea.",1554099242
b43y7x,A simple little incremental game,"This is an idea I've kicked around a bit. The idea is really simple, but could have a lot of complexity. The idea is that you are going to take an initial resource and create a chain of creation to a final product. In this case, turning black minicubes into diamond cubes. Yes, cubes. The player starts out mining minicubes. The mine is upgradable and produces a set amount of minicubes per second. The player will need to sell the minicubes to start with until they have enough capital to buy the first cube production line - the black cube. The black cube sells for more than the black minicubes, and for a while, the player will need to sell black cubes to reach the next cube. Each cube (apart from the Black Minicubes) have 4 stages of production which can be separately upgraded at cost - grinding, bleaching/dying, compressing, and baking. That fact that each cube production unit (4 per cube) would start at one and then be upgraded means that there are a total of 44 upgradable cube options in the game, plus maybe 3 or 4 options for creating Black Minicubes, meaning that there is a lot of stuff the player would have to sink money into, extending the time it takes to reach the end of the game and doing a reset with potential reset currency. The cubes go as follows: 1. Black Minicubes 2. Black Cubes 3. Dark Grey Cubes 4. Light Grey Cubes 5. White Cubes 6. Dark Blue Cubes 7. Light Blue Cubes 8. Dark Cyan Cubes 9. Light Cyan Cubes 10. Near-Clear Cubes 11. Clear Cubes 12. Diamond Cubes Black Minicubes sell for $10 each, and each cube sells for around x\^1.28 of the previous cube value. This means that Diamond Cubes would sell for $1,292,923,249,866,192.23 ($1.292 Quadrillion), though you could have upgrades ala AdVenture Capitalist. I think an interesting alternative switch in this game could be that Black Minicubes could be the chief currency of the game, meaning that the player would have to balance producing cubes while not producing so many that they run out of cash all the time. &amp;#x200B; In this game, I would like to be involved, if possible, to see how it does. I am something of a write/storyteller, so I might be able to help there, potentially. ",1553254218
b7qskc,"My Dream RPG, Open-World focused on Boss Fights and Exploration","I've had a longing for an open world, third-person, party based RPG for some time now. I want something that forces you to explore, there are no quest markings or hand holding through the game. Something that's hard. I apologize if this is a heap of unorganized garbage! I just want to put into words what I've been thinking of and see if any else sees the appeal of this. &amp;#x200B; Dark Souls/Monster Hunter(?)ish bosses have taken over almost all of man's settlements, including castles, keeps, towers, etc. Your character is a part of the last remaining settlement of the land. Your goal in the game is to reclaim the lands and settlements from the tyrannical grasp of these creatures. How does one do this? Well, you assemble a co-op party of adventurers to explore the land and defeat these bosses. Characters follow traditional RPG roles, such as mage, archer, warrior, ect. The player would build their character similarly to how Albion handles their skill progression. You choose a line of skills and abilities and somewhat pursue it linearly. However, you build your character how you want to build it! The core theme of the game is this building of your character/party to be able to fight stronger and more challenging bosses. To acquire new items and skills, players must travel the land looking for resources or bosses that will drop what they need. I intend for there to be distinct biomes in the map that contain certain resources and harbor specific varieties of bosses. The way to obtain new skills is by fighting certain bosses. To find these specific regions, players can either travel and explore themselves, or hire scouts to survey nearby lands. These scouts are found in reclaimed settlements, and provide valuable information about nearby lands. To put this together, let's say, for instance, you're building a warrior. You're on the hunt for a mountainous region, since those regions are home to Iron Ore and a kind of sturdy, rock creature called a Stoneheart(think of a diablos-like creature from monster hunter world!). It has made its residence inside the heart of a crumbling castle. You and your party must traverse the treacherous corridors, defeating ads, looting, and crawling until you reach the main room of the castle. This room is home to the Stoneheart. This Stoneheart, once defeated, drops knowledge for a skill called Iron Skin. You can now learn this skill and utilize its power. Monsters can also drop essential components for crafting armor, weapons and other tools as well. But uh oh, in the midst of your character's cheering, the Stoneheart has disappeared. It has fled to another location, leaving the castle undefended. You and your party must decide what is to be done with this castle. This is another essential mechanic of the game, the base management. Either you and your party can leave the castle to its fate, allowing for another monster to come inhabit the place, or take it over as a settlement. If you choose to take over the settlement, inhabitants from all over will flock to the safety of the newly reclaimed castle. This allows for amenities to be built, such as forges, crafting stations, farms, etc. The castle might be somewhat safe, but it certainly isn't impervious to more attacks. Defenses need to be built, such as spike walls, catapults and ballistas. Otherwise, you and your party risk the Stoneheart, or a separate monster entirely, coming to reclaim the settlement. Besides ballistas and catapults, settlements need manpower to successfully defend against incursions. This is where the new Hero mechanic comes in to play. These NPCs, much like you, are adventurers looking for a good brawl and to safeguard themselves. Teaming up with you and your party is the obvious choice for them, as its their best chance of survival. Once a settlement has been liberated, the imprisoned Hero will finally be able to break free from their servitude. You can recruit them to your party directly, have them defend a settlement, or ignore them entirely. They are able to use their valuable skills to defend against incursions while you are away adventuring. I thought it would be kind of cool if you could directly build them by teaching them skills and equipping their items. So if you needed a healer on your team, you could build one. You'd probably rather have a real player, though. One of the problems I thought the game might have would be the game getting easier and less rewarding to play as your party got stronger. To counter this, I thought a sort of ""notoriety"" system would work well. As you reclaim lands and castles, your notoriety level grows. Stronger bosses become more aware of your presence and wish to rise to your challenge. Some of them may actively seek you out, finding one of your settlements in the process. Otherwise, if they are spotted somewhere, scouts could relay that information to you. At this point I realized this idea is too big. :( &amp;#x200B;",1554056227
b50sd4,Castlevania styled FromSoftware game idea,"I just finished Sekiro and love the Dark Souls and Bloodborne games and I thought about a great mix between all three games for a game which would fit perfectly into FromSoftwares style of games. &amp;#x200B; **World** The game plays in a castlevania-styled, medieval, eastern european world (combination of the victorian style of Bloodborne and medieval gothic style of Dark Souls). You play a forsaken Vampire who was hurt while fighting a group of vampire hunters. There are some traitors in the ranks of the vampires who are working with the humans to kill all other vampires so they can take over the world in the end. So main enemies in the games are Humans (Vampire Hunters), Demons and other Vampires (Vampire Lords). &amp;#x200B; **Gameplay** The gameplay is fast and agressive. There is no blocking involved but countering attacks with a perfect press of a button. The Weapons rank from swords, spears, pikes to axes, glaives, and all other kind of blade and poke weapons. Your character can jump, do quick blink evasions or glide forward via his expandable wings for a specific amount of time while being in air. These skills will improve while progressing in the game so new areas will be accessible by blinking/gliding. There is no stamina but your character can only attack with high damage or block without taking damage when his power is up. Power can be obtained by landing hits, perfectly blocking attacks or waiting for a long time. There is no real magic but you can use vampire skills (Fast rush attacks, high jumps, throw enemies away when they were parried, etc.) but skills will consume blood. There also is no healing items like the Estus but you can heal yourself with Blood which can be used to cast skills or heal up. Blood can be obtained by sneaking up on enemies and sucking blood out of them after stealth-killing them. Larger enemies and bosses can also be sucked on when a critical hit (by parrying or hitting specific HP gates) was dealed. If you have no blood, your power won't generate as fast and it's harder to build up power again by hits. So in general you need blood to regenerate, use skills and stay powerful and you need to attack often and deal critical blows/blocks to suck up new blood again which leads to aggressive combat. &amp;#x200B; **Progression** Leveling is back. You can level up stats and your vampiric skills. The further you progress in the game, your core skills will improve (more max blood, longer gliding distance, less power loss, etc.). Weapons and armors can be upgraded unlimited times but upgrade materials are limited per walkthrough. &amp;#x200B; **PVP** No idea, maybe someone of you has some ideas. &amp;#x200B; \--- well thats it. I really love the castlevania / vampire style and I think FromSoftware would hit the perfect spot with the artstyle and could put a lot of twists into a game with blood === power combination. What do you think and what are your ideas?",1553457755
az0edl,A VR game where you're a hostage trying to grab a gun you've hidden on your body,"You play as an agent that lets themselves get captured by a crime organization to get closer to the boss. At the start of the game you select where on your body to hide your gun. As the mission progresses you have to keep your hands where the guards can see them, and then at the right moment when nobody is looking grab the gun and start blasting. The guards might do a pat-down and they could find the gun if it's not well-hidden.",1552111468
b35gqr,Hack and slash with portal mechanics,"Is there some game of this type? I was thinking of specifically a fast paced Dungeon crawler, not adventure or FPS like Portal. The idea was that you could open a portal on the floor of the dungeon and an underground world would show up within the portal, with the NPCs being able to climb up from the underground floor. &amp;#x200B; On the other hand, I was thinking that some enemies (or neutral NPCs) could be ""converted"" for them to start playing by your side, with the implications that has depending on personality of the NPC, meaning that it may play evil and betray you taking advantage he's part of your team, or he may not get along very well with another party member or whatever. &amp;#x200B; Just like that, though, it seems a bit stale or unoriginal, but I think the portal thing could have potential in a game like this. What ideas come to your mind that could be cool additions/variations to it?",1553043035
b5g6uw,VR Time Travel game,"Free movement is one of the big unsolved problems in VR. Games where the player stays in a single place work much better (and less nauseatingly), in my experience. So if we don't want to move through *space*, the game should move through *time*. The player would stay at a single location, but have the ability to jump through many different time periods. The gameplay could involve time-based puzzles, like planting a seed in one era and then jumping forward 30 years to see a new tree there. Of if there's a smashed piece of pottery, the player could travel back in time to when it was whole, to get an idea of what it should look like when reassembled. This is pretty vague I know, I guess I'm picturing a puzzle-solving game like The Room, but in VR and with time travel. ",1553546957
b1ftqq,From the NPCs point of view the Heroes are real scumbags that steal all your belongings! We made a game about this.,"Tells us what you think, ask anything, and check the game here: [https://kck.st/2ELuFvB](https://kck.st/2ELuFvB) ",1552661284
b8ljpr,"Arctic, a game inspired by the thing","A multiplayer game set in an Antarctic research centre where one person out of a lobby plays as an alien, but is disguised as a human. Their aim is to assimilate all the other players ",1554222952
azk7zk,Game like miniclip's soccer stars,"I'm looking to ""model and improve"" the game soccer stars. It's a turned based 1v1 multiplayer mobile game where each player takes turn sliding their pieces into the soccer ball in an attempt to score. I really enjoy this game mechanic and would like to build upon this but I have little ideas. I am a developer and can handle technical challenges, but the actual game design isnt my specialty. if anyone has any ideas on maybe a different theme, a twist on the playstyle, or even a completely new idea I would love to hear it. and if you extra interested and would want to be involved in the development, we can talk over discord. jswerveholby#3945",1552250823
b6r33g,Survival mixed with Civilization game.,"Hello Reditors, We are a small team about to create a Survival game mixed with tower defense and Civilization. Sounds odd ? Yes everything great sounds odd at the beginning, we have created a full game design document and started to create some sketches and concept art also we will get playable prototype soon and we all wish to make something different, rich and more fun. I'm here to check if you have any new ideas about this type of games, and the good ideas we will add them as we go also will mention which ones we will take. also i don't want to explain the full game story now i just wanna see what is in your imaginations. Thank you",1553821835
b8m02z,A hellboy rpg similar to Witcher,A hellboy rpg similar to Witcher 3 with a several open world's. And a customizable set of armor and weapons as you solve paranormal cases and fight all manner of creatures. And you can customize the group of agents you take with you on certain missions but you can still do everything alone but you'd have less buffs and stat boosts without certain agents with you,1554225059
b3yvju,Primitive Battle Royale,Can we have a primitive battle royale? with bows and spears? where half naked humans run arround? using traps and stuff? and in the airdrop you can get a revolver with 6 shots and no ammo? =) &amp;#x200B; this would be cool .. different charakters and blabla just a simple game...,1553217878
b12sv2,An idea i like for Survival.,"So for the plast few days i have been having this idea. An idea of a Survival game where you are put in the vietnamese jungle (could be any other) and you have to make due with What you have. Make tools, hunt food and set up Shelter. Use bamboo to make water trenches and Get a semi automation with water driver machines. In the good end you want to escape, with a boat, plane or radio signal i am unsure. I have made Really unfinished scetch of the idea on Google docs If you want to look at it. Maybe you have an input that i can Add? https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Pt2Ughjj6m2RLew-ElDSZ3ZDGPWEYWyfGSh-ExlCnsc",1552582904
b23dvz,Cooperative tycoon fps horror game,"A cooperative tycoon game where a team of friends have to keep a scp style facility functioning that gets progressively more complex adding more facilities and monsters with different traits The game itself i imagine as a fps where there would be either multiple assigned roles or self formulated roles by strategic players. The players will need a wide range of specialists such as Security guards In charge of protecting staff and containing other players or monsters. In average gameplay they will be keeping an eye on all players and protecting scientists when they interact with scps. At the worst they will be prioritising evacuating as many staff as possible and securing as many assets as possible to reform the facility while containing the monsters in the facility. Scientists Scientists purpose is to maintain all scps in the facility as new ones get introduced they will need to push the boundaries and run experiments to find as much data and knowledge on how to keep, control and feed the scps. This will of course come at risk... Ceo/warden Could be multiple players or one single player. The ceo/ warden is in charge of communicating with all the players in the facility and managing the facility whether expanding the facility or controlling alarm systems or lockdowns. The ceo could have the advantage of having a intercom to mass communicate with other players. The ceo will have the role of designing the most efficient facility that has such rooms as: Security rooms which provide guards with guns and armour Bulkheads which as a remote or manually operated buffer for monsters that could be locked remotely by the ceo or opened manually by a player depending on the ceo Panic rooms which could as a place for scientists to enter and attempt to communicate to guards Tramlines this may not be a feature depending on how the game is designed but ideally the game could be designed to allow for larger or spread facilities with connecting tramlines which could act as either quicker transport for players a way to move mass cargo or a potential escape route Holding cells these would be where the scps are contained and could vary in shape and size for each scp Offices for scientists and the ceo where a good ceo could place offices in strategic points to allow for scientists to move around efficiently and escape easily Delivery/ escape points could vary from helipads, elevators from underground, loading bays Hallways i think this is pretty self explanatory Mechanics The game should have a direct communication style gameplay where intercoms and radios act as the main form of player communication. Players will need to organise through the ceo to allow for efficient operation. Guns should be relatively simple but atleast have a range of weapons vast enough to encourage players to study scps and figure out what weapons work best on certain scps The game should be a continuous loop without end where even in a total meltdown players can recover assets to restart a new facility with said materials. There should be a real challenge where each role has to constantly be on their feet and even have potentially more roles but never truly feel rigged. I think some of the ideas i mentioned in the roles will help allow players to feel needed. Thank you for reading my horribly formatted post please add on or criticise as much as you want i just wanted to get a idea i thought was fun out somewhere. ",1552813808
b145vl,r/BossFight game,A boss-rush game where you have to fight bosses from r/BossFight,1552589574
b36azz,"If money was no object, what type of game would you make?",I would build the most immersive open world possible. There would be some crossover between reality and fantasy. It would be online of course but I would still try to cater to solo gamers with the content. And I would listen to my player base from the start. ,1553048001
b9ji6g,"farming game that is super hard because you have to deal with problems such as viruses, rot, damage from grubs and beetles, weather, soil temperature, acidity, soil-nutrient loss, dry and dampness, internal splitting, etc.",,1554417961
b6w2t7,"I had a dream (yes, while sleeping) of a Metroidvania with the biggest room ever","Ya, it seemed to be a typical metroidvania with world based subsections (like RabiRibi or the Metroids, or Castlevania Portrait of Ruin) The mini map was nice and was showing all the neighbouring rooms. But then I got to a room that just seemed to go on forever... and ever. And it wasn't looping. I finally get to the ceiling and check the map. This one room was HUGE, like, as big as entire other worlds. Take Portrait of Ruin Sandy Grave for example, which is about 36x24 ish rooms. The one room in my dream would be by comparison about 36x36 (using Portrait of Ruin as a metric). I'm sure there's a Metroidvania out there with a 36x36 room, that's just an arbitrary size that I saw in my dream kinda. What I want is a Metroidvania with the largest room ever while still holding to normal conventions. As is I think the largest room I've seen is the long long long gap to the final area in Guacamelee.",1553858726
az9yil,Game Idea: LI (Last Island) (raw title)(open world survival),"\*\*Note: This game might be too big of an idea, but it's an idea I like to share even if its not made. Maybe someone might try making it. I don't know. Hopefully you guys enjoy this idea.\*\* &amp;#x200B; This game is about an alien attack. The year unknown. You must collect electronic recorders (all over the island) to piece together what is happening. Your a sole survivor on the last island on earth among with the last remaining humans roaming the island. Everything else has been destroyed. The aliens are trying to create their own planet stealing other planet resources. They will do anything to get what they want. The goal to figure a way to get to the planet ship and destroy the leader to save mankind. As a survivor, you will wake up unsure where you are at. You are on an open world island. The island is described as seeing a giant city with outer rings of the nature, hot desert, cold mountains, forbidden Valley &amp; water. Your free to roam anywhere. You just as solo or group. PVP/PVE As a survival game: You will need to built, craft, tame, fortify buildings, eat, &amp; drink. You can either build a base outside or take over a building. \*Capturing a building has an higher % of mini waves to the building. The islands is full of NPCS. From: Humans, Aliens, Robots, Corrupted Government, Animals, and Mythical creatures. * Humans: There humans that free roam around the island in and out of building. Each containing a certain skill that you need to create things. Taming them: Find a book for their skill and let them read it to unlock example: Engineer * Aliens: They look almost like humans but have marks on them. They also have powerful aliens with powers. * Powerful Aliens: You will run into aliens with special attacks. You can get a chance % to get abilities by killing them. * Robots: You will run into different robots. They will hunt down anyone. Robots are tied with corrupted government. * Corrupted Government: They hide in buildings, but also free roam. They hunt everyone. They think your an alien. * Animals: Just your normal pets: rabbit, bears, birds, crocodile, wolf, eagles, dog, cow, &amp; others (good to get resources) * Mythical Creatures: You will find some animals with element power. example ice wolf, fire hawk, thunder snake &amp;#x200B; As you free roam you need resources to survive. There tons of resources in building, houses, cars, and other places. About 60% of the building contain NPCs hiding inside. You could find another human, aliens, robots, or even corrupted government. You will either scare them or they will fight back. \*\*You will need to find an human with skill locksmith so until then you have to break into buildings quietly.\*\* \*Once you tamed a human locksmith you will have the skill locksmith unlocked. The human doesn't have to be with you.\* Once you free roamed, leveled up max, and to the point where you strong enough there a part of the island you must travel to. You need to earn some tokens to get in the forbidding valley. The place is hard fight. But you should be strong enough fight with power/elements you got by defeating certain enemies/bosses that drop token coins. * Forbidding Valley: Contains a drop for the highest blue prints to strongest gear sets, weapons, and spaceship. * Spaceship: To get to the aliens planet. You need a ship. Craft one with resources needed so you can leave the island. Alien Planet Ship: You are now on their ship. It's a mirror clone of the island. But things look different. You now have to rebuild/claim an building on alien island. You can either choose to make a new one or bring your existing resources with you on your ship. Your tames can't come but you can bring their DNA samples with you. Just tame a matching pair. Find an Alien Engineer. Tame it. Inject DNA. The alien is now a human Engineer. &amp;#x200B; Alien Spaceship NPCs: Contains Aliens, Powerful Aliens(no humans), Mythical Creatures, Alien Animals, Corrupted government. \*Note: Corrupted government hides in space. You may have to re travel back in space to mine meteor/special rocks and they might be waiting to attack you (your ship with have guns). &amp;#x200B;  You must now earn up to fighting the alien leader. Once you travel all around and fight more bosses to earn keys to unlock the big doors to the lair. &amp;#x200B; Once you get through the lair to the leader and beat it. You then can head back to the home planet to see a cut-scene that shows the alien planet destroyed. And you saved human race. After your free to roam to collect remaining electronic devices, achievements, or help your other friends out. Just upload your character. &amp;#x200B; The End. &amp;#x200B;",1552176757
b1gltz,GotM: Month 1 - Submit and vote on game ideas," Hello /r/gameideas! &amp;#x200B; This is the first round of [GotM](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/az4eyz/gotm_we_want_to_realize_a_game_idea_every_month/). Here, you can submit your own game ideas and/or upvote the ideas you like the most. By the end of the round, we will pick the game idea with the most upvotes and create a mobile game out of it in only a month. If the game would work on PC, we’ll also make it available on PC! &amp;#x200B; **Submission** To submit a game idea, put it in a comment in a short and concise manner. Submissions must adhere to the following rules: * Not longer than a tweet (280 characters). * No racist or NSFW game ideas. * No overly ambitious ideas, e.g. MMORPGs or “Call of Duty but more explosions”. Even though we sincerely hope we’ll never have to, we reserve the right to ignore ideas that break these rules, even if they are the most upvoted ones. &amp;#x200B; Here are a couple of examples of how a submission could look like: * George of the jungle, in the city. George delivers pizzas, but everyone HATES George. * A vertical shooter where you cure diseases. With roguelike elements. * Climb to the top of a mountain by hardcore-praying to the almighty spaghetti monster. Note that these are just examples. Feel free to write your submission however you like as long as they adhere to the submission rules. &amp;#x200B; **Voting** To vote on a game idea, simply upvote it! The voting ends on Sunday, March 17, at 16:00 UTC. &amp;#x200B; **Discussion** Discussions are welcome, but please put it as replies, and let the root comments be for game idea submissions. Note that when we create a game from the most upvoted submission, we will first and foremost work on the game as outlined in the submission. However, we may also look into the discussion for further inspiration and to tailor it more closely for the community. &amp;#x200B; **FAQ** Q: When will the game be released? *A: In the middle of April. Exact date will be announced later.* &amp;#x200B; Q: Where will the game be released? *A: Through an app on Google play. If the game would work on PC, through the* [GotM website](https://macaronistudios.com/gotm/)*. More details will be provided later.* &amp;#x200B; Q: Will the game be free? *A: Yes! You will get the full experience for free, without any ads or “pay-to-win”.* &amp;#x200B; Q: Will I get any recognition for my idea? *A: Of course! You will get a special thanks in the game.* &amp;#x200B; Q: Who is “we”? *A: We are a group of Swedish game students that are starting up a small indie game studio called* [Macaroni Studios](https://macaronistudios.com/)*.* &amp;#x200B; *//* Let the games begin!",1552665486
b973u7,Tron + Rocket League + One Bullet= Motor Royale?,"I was thinking of a 3rd person game where in the main game mode, players are on either teams or solos and each have a motorcycle (sorta like a Tron style design) and a single ""disc"" (designed like the identity disc). The disc is the only weapon each player has, but is one-shot kill. Players throw the disc at other players and can recall the disc, flying back to the owner. &amp;#x200B; Players can use their motorcycle to drive around the arena map and can pick up energy cells that spawn to boost their speed. Players can also boost their vehicles or jump midair to do flips or spins to dodge other discs (like in Rocket League) and even slide on the ground (motorcycle slide). When you boost, your smoke leaves behind a temporary jet trail that can kill other players should they smash into it (like Tron). &amp;#x200B; Players can also start with different powerups as they would like. For example: a player could start with a full boost bar vs. half-full, or a player could fire a temporal burst disc that temporally multiplied whenever it hits something. &amp;#x200B; World: Arena with ramps and curves all around in a semi Rocket League- Tron type of lighting and design, with glow in the dark vehicles during a ""blackout"" mode, and tournaments. &amp;#x200B; Tell me what you think?",1554344755
b29s2p,Bard Academy,"**Format:** 3D, 2D or text-based. It can either be played solo or with up to 6 players. Every player is a bard, but bards can come in all shapes and sizes. You could be a hulking poet clad in plate armor, an axe-slinging songbird, a sleek rogue with a penchant for the stage, or a silver-haired witch who imbues her novels with elemental flair. **The player objectives include...** 1. Exploring the world for hidden, forbidden, and lost knowledge. 2. Creating **works** by documenting your collected knowledge (*lore*) into books, poems, songs, plays, and more. 3. Rebuilding and restoring the Bard Academy to its former glory. **Mechanics:** 33% RPG: Each player plays the role of a single character. Skill checks and combat follow a system similar to D&amp;D. 33% base-builder: Invest some of your hard-earned coin into rebuilding the Bard Academy. It's the only way to actually *win the game*. 33% puzzle game: In order to create a work, a player must complete a *crossword puzzle* using the knowledge they have gathered in their current quest/adventure. **Things I am not sure of, yet...** (list is subject to change and expand) *What is the title of the game?* So far, it's just Bard Academy. *What is the setting?* I am thinking something close to the Renaissance in 14th to 17th century Europe? *So, what happened to the original Bard Academy?* I suppose it could have fallen into ruin after a century or more of terrible leadership, sabotage and/or neglect. Maybe the Empire came to be ruled by a faction that wouldn't allow bards to exercise their craft. **Questions? Comments? Criticisms?**",1552855519
azhs46,New competitive style game,"Hi guys, I would really appreciate if you read this full post and tell me what you think of it and what I can improve. So I have had this idea for a while where I want to create a 6v6 competetive base building game. It is kind of a mix between a survival game and a moba. Each team will get a spawner which they have to place down on a location they think is best. If the spawner isn't placed before one of the team members has died he can't spawn back into the game untill it is placed. The objective of the game is to destroy the other teams spawner. If a team is wiped out before they have placed their spawner they are also defeated. Players can use different kind of materials to build a base around their spawner to protect it. The game takes place on a island with lots of trees and rocks and even some animals on it. These are used to build up your base and to stay alive. In the first 2 minutes there is a wall in the middle of the island that seperates the 2 teams so they can safely put down their spawner. After 2 minutes the wall dissapears and everyone can roam over the island without limitations. Before the game starts each player can choose between 3 kind of classes: the builder, the hunter and the gatherer. Each class with its own specifik skill set. The builder: This class is very good to build up your base, this class can build much quiker and more advanced things than the other classes. This class is also very good to forge weapons. The hunter: This class is best for hunting food and to kill and protect gatherers so the other team falls behind on building their base or to protect your own gatherer from getting killed. the hunter is also very good with the bow that he gets for free when spawning. Players can also die from starvation so it's the hunters job to make sure that there is food for everyone. The gatherer: This class is used to gather wood, st one and other materials. This guy is very strong and he can carry way more items then the hunter and builder can but he is very weak in combat and needs much protection. Players earn experience by doing things there character is supposed to do, for example, a builder gets experience for building a wall or making a weapon but if he decides to hunt for materials he won't get any experience from it. Experience points can be used to upgrade perks which are specifik for every class. If a hunter gets enough experience he can choose to upgrade his aim, or to receive more food from killing animals. These are just examples I want to create a very large skill tree to really make players think about what they should spend their experience on. This game takes a lot of teamplay and strategie to win. Players can choose to play a very aggresive playstyle from minute one and try to get the enemy spawner in the first few minutes by picking 3 hunters, but this tactic can also backfire because if the other team manages to survive they will have lots of materials to build a stronger base and better weapons so they will be much stronger in the late game. When the players are selecting their class they can't see what the other team has picked. So it's always a gamble on what kind of tactic you're going to use. Are you going to sacrifice a gatherer for another hunter? This might lead to following behind on technology and materials. If a player dies he is still in the game but he has to wait a certain amount of time depending on what stage of te game you are in. So if a player dies in the first 5 minutes of the game he will have to wait for 2 minutes but if someone dies in the 30th minute of the game he has to wait for 10 minutes. This is a crucial part of the game because dying really matters. If a hunter dies you're gatherers will become unprotected so one of the other teams hunter might hunt him down. If a gatherer dies, then your builder will have a lot less materials to build with and the other team will have a stronger base. There are a lot of different types of animals on the island ranging from chickens to bears. Chickens are very weak and won't give you a lot of food and experience but are an easy target. Bears are the strongest animals on the island, they will take a lot of damage and they can hit very hard. But if you manage to kill them they will give you a lot of food and experience. There will be lot's of other animals. There are also a lot of different materials on the island. in the first stages of the game wood and stone will be the most important to build your base but later on materials like iron and sulvur will become very important to make weapons and ammunition. There will be more materials. I am also trying to implement some elements into the game that can turn the game around. For example something like a baron in league of legends where the losing team can get a buff that brings them back into the game for a certain amount of time. I was thinking of some random events that happen in the game where there is some sort of giant animal and if a team kills it they gain a massive amount of xp. ",1552237838
b5mds3,Can the mods remove all the battle royale stuff,Like it's all the same and every second post I read is the same idea but in space or underwater or something like that. It's just so annoying and I think most of them don't add value to the subreddit and just push out the good ideas.,1553582496
b2b82u,im a game dev without ideas...,"i can make some of everyones ideas become reality. Just comment what idea you like, and maybe i can make something out of it. :)",1552863584
b2z0o9,A game making challenge,"I've always lost interest in making games and never finished them because i'm losing motivation as i'm working on it and i'm sick of this. Thats why i'm asking for **your** help, i know i can't finish a game because of my motivation drain but i believe other people's support can refill my motivation to finish a game. I'll be glad if you guys could give me *any* 2d game idea and after i've chosen an idea, i'll try to hold my promise to finish it in a week (keep in mind to not give a seriously big concept so i can actually do it in the time frame i promised). I'll probably choose the idea i like the most or i'll do a vote with you guys to decide on a idea (depending on how many people will actually give an idea). When i finish i'll give a free download of the game of course. When i'll start i'll update the post everyday until my time frame is done.",1553010509
b0g53y,Give me your text style game ideas: I can make them!,"I am pretty advanced in the batch programming language (it can be run on all windows computers, even at school), and I will be willing to look at your text games (it can have animations or pictures, and maybe a little bit of GUI gameplay, but nothing too complicated). Post them there, and I will assess them and get back to you!",1552441072
azu91k,Help me refine my project's pitch!,"I'm working on my first big project hopefully to be completed in a few months but I'm on no real schedule while in college. Name: Come Find Me A Metroidvania with a focus on puzzle solving and exploration. Mechanically the game is rather simple. A Metroidvania but with some intentional parts removed. There are no guns and weapons instead the game uses a Mario system, jumping on top of enemies. The upgrades in the game revolve around improving the players ability to traverse and solve puzzles. The story is the thing I'm currently working on and is even harder to pitch right now because I have no idea what it will be. The fictional story will also be an allegory for my life experiences. Throughout the game there will be audio logs to find that tell my story. Now you may say: ""Trevor isn't it arrogant to make a game about yourself?"" To which I say, I don't care. Gamedev is my therapy. I think that my honesty in the design and story is what will make it stand out.",1552315450
b8fxc7,Open world RPG set in Stalingrad durin WW2,"The battle of Stalingrad was one of if not the bloodiest and longest battles of WW2 where the city was under siege for years. Imagine an open world RPG with AAA voice acting graphics characters and story similar to the quality of let's say Witcher 3 that takes place from the beginning of the Soviet Unions involvement in WW2 their arrival at Stalingrad until liberating the city. There will be constant fighting but in the inner parts of the city will feel like life goes on with struggles. Your character will start off as a civilian but in the end be an officer for the brigade that liberates the city. During the game, you will be faced with intense choices of which will affect history and can alter the world we know of today. ",1554189693
ayou5h,Murder mystery RPG,"I've had an idea floating around my head for a while now. Basically, the premise is that the story unfolds in such a way that you meet characters and eventually, there's a murder of someone very important. Or perhaps you meet them after the murder. But then something else happens. Perhaps it's supernatural like a demonic threat that requires slaying or maybe something simple like traveling across the planet to inform the family of the deceased and encountering multiple obstacles along the way. But the point is, the characters you meet at the beginning join your party. Each one has a very peculiar habit. One might collect bloodied items from defeated enemies, one might randomly vanish from your party without ever saying anything and rejoin at random times, one might be overly defensive and provoke combat from otherwise docile NPCs, etc. The point is that one of them is the murderer. Depending on various choices made over the first quarter of the, the killer may be revealed at the end of the game, and it will always be different, depending on those choices. The way to figure out who is to be suspicious of your party. The guy who collects bloody items? Repeatedly check his inventory. He might have an item only the deceased would know the significance of. The girl who disappears? Backtrack far enough, and you might find her disposing of evidence. The overly-defensive guy? Make note of what sets him off on this play through, and you may discover his motives. All of this also requires you to pay close attention to the story and the information given about the victim. At the end of the game, you make your accusation and the last scene is the results of your choice. You'll have to go through each different scenario that lead you to your decision. If your choices are wrong, but the accusations are right, the police refuse to take action and leave, the lights go out and everyone but the killer is murdered and that's your ending. If your accusation is wrong, then everyone walks away, they all despise you, and the murderer kills again. If everything lines up, there's a final battle between your characters and the murderer, but the lights go out, the officers are killed and you have to prevent the murderer from running. This could be implemented in a variety of ways. Maybe combat will be free-roaming and you have to block the exits, maybe you get battle-specific commands like Undertale that require you to lock doors, shut windows and stay alive/fight, or maybe it's just simply timed. I know the idea isn't entirely fleshed out, but I mostly wanted to get the premise out there. I really like the idea of going through your party member's belongings as you would in any game, but doing so because you just don't trust them. Or even going to use a healing item and seeing a bloody necktie.",1552041377
b6ljyq,Work In Progress: Mirror Defense,"About a month ago, u/dozy_boy submitted [the idea](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/aui0x4/an_80sstyle_single_screen_game_on_a_planetary/) for ""an 80s-style single screen game on a planetary base, where your shots defend Solar Panels from aliens, and the solar panels give you the energy to shoot..."", and it was the perfect, quick-dev idea I was looking for to practice some VueJS and SVG stuff. There's still a long ways to go, but I wanted to say thanks to this sub for being such a great source for shared ideas. Here's the proof of concept I've got so far: https://yw57r9yn8z.codesandbox.io",1553793507
b47psa,A multiplayer where killing other players emotionally hurts,Either in-game or the real player.,1553275116
b9eddq,Arctic Survival Royale Coop (non combat),"Idea of the game is the players get put onto a map made out of ice and have to survive, no pvp combat involved. Gather food, hunt animals, make a campfire etc. all while the patch of ice you're on is slowly melting away. Might include crafting with the aim to build a boat to escape. &amp;#x200B; Just throwing the idea around.",1554392728
b4tvn4,A game full of powerful gods who's whims you turn against them.,"(This was inspired partly through Sekiro and partly through starting Spice and Wolf) In games I find that you usually have main character syndrome and don't care about the enemies at all. You think of bosses as challenges or obstacles that although they might be tough, you never doubt you have the ability to defeat them. This brings me to my idea. What if you play as an average citizen of a town ruled by whimsical gods. People have all these superstitions that you're forced to follow or else you get severely punished by curses. These are very real and plot wise your character becomes sick of it. The game is about ridding the town of having to do all this superstitious stuff all the time. You do this by pulling some Greek mythology-like shenanigans (completely different game wise but that type of thing.) Each god/higher entity is very powerful and there's no way you can defeat them through strength. Your character might have mild combat ability but you should genuinely fear these beings. They should be very fast and very strong, being out of the question to even try combat. What you *can* do however is secretly scheme and disable/redirect these god's places of influence. Say there's a fire god who will start setting nearby surroundings on fire if you don't keep a certain lantern lit and a harvest god who demands a large percentage of your crops who's terrified of fire. You could wait for the harvest god to come for his share of crops and then put the lantern out. This would scare away the harvest god and your crop problem would be solved. It's a complicated idea but the main theme is to have very scary beings that make your village do annoying stuff all the time to appease them and your job is to either use their curses to cancel each other out or possibly conquer their places of power. Ideally a cool mythos would help a lot.",1553413928
az0iof,SCP horror game with a lot of roguelite elements.,"**Plot** You were a part of an armed MTF unit , who were sent to investigate SCP-[**REDACTED**], a portal to a place that resembles a massive underground cavern.While at first glance,nothing seems anomalous,a disaster occurs when deep inside the cavern, that happens to separate you from your team and you lost ability to communicate with the real world.To make your situation worse, you are being hunted by a race of pale, eyeless, hairless, humanoids.As you survive and explore this subterranean world,you will eventually encounter other SCPs that you least expected see in this world( like the infamous sculpture,plague doctor,etc).Eventually, you would discover the horrible [truth](http://www.scp-wiki.net/shaggydredlocks-proposal) about this world. **Gameplay** The game is divided into rather large randomly generated levels with a number of creatures and a some non randomly generated section which would contain diary entry or computer terminals, things that can explain what happened to this world.Many of the creatures and SCPs not only interact with the player, but also with each other( though with a few exceptions like the pale humanoids, who can make alliances with their own kind, most of these interactions are mostly hostile).The player character can craft many types of makeshift armor,weapons and tools using various materials he gathered while exploring the world. ",1552112423
b0r8af,Need help regarding my game,"Hello everyone , I am making a VR game for my masters project. I need help regarding My game idea. Basically it’s an FPS game but the players can also shoot Protals to move around the map.Can you guys help me to put a twist in the gameplay/idea. PS: If you have any other ideas and would like to share. Plz do so. Thanks",1552510550
b2f38v,Zombie Sand Box game,"What about a game that combined something like Sims with Nazi Zombies from Call of Duty? Create characters, build houses and barricaded structures and protect your characters from zombies, or play on the other side and be the zombies yourself. Aside from the sim survival mode, the game would also have an arcade mode where you can create your own zombie maps with your own rules and challenges, kind of like a combination of nazi zombies and the ""create a park"" and ""create a goal/challenge"" features from Tony Hawk games. &amp;#x200B; Thoughts? ",1552889107
b21qhq,"Possible a large game, but not based on anything that I know of and I'd like some feedback anyway.","An empire-building game except smaller. You start off each time with your central building where it can support a small local population who then gather resources for you too use except instead of building and training, characters (People, slimes, aliens, whatever seems appropriate) just reproduce very quickly and you use the offspring to not only boost your population, but you use them to ""Build"" things and you can throw them at things to damage them. You have to gather and grow food for them, but increasing the quality of their life by adding theaters, more houses, etc increases the rate at which they reproduce. You can alter certain aspects about the offspring either through magic or selective breeding (you'd need to either have two entities breed with each other to have a specific blend between them and continue to branch off or collect/make specific materials that change offspring born or raised near it.) Then obviously you'd be racing against another group of the same species initially that had slightly altered attributes such as they are stronger need more food. The main mechanics of the game would involve population happiness which would affect the rate at which the entities reproduce, which is affected by how close they are to any fighting or high-risk areas as well as utilities and food available. Combat would involve your group literally throwing their comrades at the enemy. Combat would be a huge section in which the variation in attributes would come into play, because you'd want some larger, stronger entities that do most of the throwing whilst you also want a larger supply of small entities that are cheap and have odd qualities (eg: if the entities are slimes, having a fire-attribute would cause them to explode on impact of have a damage-over-time affect, whilst if it were people or people genetically manipulating animals, having a rabid attribute would mean that their damage would be an AOE attack. I have more if anyone wants it more fleshed out but chances are this is too big/complex so I won't waste any more time than necessary. Thanks for any feedback.",1552798833
b01cgc,"A Combination between Plants vs Zombies, Sanctum and Pretty much every Mobile RPG (for example: Summoners War)","Hey, I had this Game Idea for a long time now and i dont think i will ever make it myself so i thought i would just post it here \^\^. The short version of the Idea is as follows: You have simple plants that you can grow in a Garden, you take those plants and modify them with different augments. By modifying the plants, they become ""active"", meaning they can attack stuff. You then go to a level, take a pre defined amount of plants (you choose which of course) and use them to defend your base by placing them infront of your base. the game would be in first person and you can create a labyrinth if you want so enemys have to go a longer way until they reach your base (just like Sanctum), but if you completly block a path, they will attack your flowers an maybe even kill them. So this was the Short Version. Now onto the more detailed one: As mentioned, you will use Plants to Protect your base. How you get them? You buy them in a shop. Just normal Ingame currency, no microtransactions. Every flower you get can have a different attack pattern just like in PvZ. You can have Plants that attack with a single shot, or with Multiple shots at once. or throw bombs etc. There could also be support plants, that either heal damaged flowers or give buffs to nearby flowers, or tank plants that are just there to block the enemys, they would have a lot of health so enemys would take a lot of time to kill them. Onto Augments: Augments would be stuff, dropped by the enemys, you can then collect. When you turn a plant into a ""weapon"", you can either give that plant augments with it, or just leave it as it is. Augments of course beeing the better alternative, but it could for example make the process take longer or cost more energy or whatever. What do augments change? Augments can change the stats of a plant, for example giving it more attackspeed, or more damage, or more hp and so on. But every augment comes with a drawback. For example more damage means a bit less attackspeed, more attackspeed meaning less damage etc. You could also find rare augments that give plants abilities like fire shots for dot effects, or ice shots for a slow. There is ofcourse some other stuff that could be added like, combining two plant seeds to get a completly new plant out of it. same with augments. Every plat could have a certain amount of augment ""space"" and every augment would require a certain amount of space. And if you use an Augment it is gone so you have to think twice if you want to use a certain augment on this particularly plant or keep it for later. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; Tell me what you think about it, would really appreciate some feedback \^\^ ps: English isnt my main language, so sorry for any spelling mistakes or grammatical errors \^\^",1552351691
ay41tt,Looking for really small game ideas!,"Hi everyone, I'm looking for small game ideas that will take about 2 weeks to finish as little projects. Every comment is appreciated!",1551906894
b4qcyp,What are some game ideas for a game intended to be relaxing?,,1553388056
b3tk76,Mario Party style mini-games without the board game part,"Game would be centered around quick bursts of fun mini-games similar to the type of stuff you'd see in a Mario Party or WarioWare game. In place of the board game progression, I envision a 4-person ""tournament"" of randomly selected games where in the first round it's 1v1v1v1, then the last place person gets booted out and 2nd round is 1v1v1, down to the final which would be a 1v1 for all the glory, with the whole thing only taking between 1-5ish minutes depending on how far you go.",1553190367
b4zvku,I want to create a game inspired by John Wick and other action games and movies combined,"He would of lost his entire family from a bunch of thugs but he managed to survive and escape from out of the house all beaten and bruised up from his burning home and his family already dead. He would now decide to take up any training he can to get his revenge on those who did this, you will need to discover clues, find names, figure out who those thugs were, it will be a big story that will lead to other bad crime organizations and other bad guys hidden in the secret world, like assassins, Russian mafia, yakuza, Italia mafia, drug lords and all sorts of others you discover into this underworld of bad guys involved in your families killings. You start out as an ordinary guy but after this traumatic experience you now have to create your own path and will determine the story you go into. Like you can start taking shooting lessons, develop skills get yourself into some kind of combat training, even martial art skills training, find secret societies to train in go look and search for the best methods to become your now vigilante. and uncover the truth with betrayal and all sorts of different paths to take and you can even get specific characters to help you out depending on the paths you take. How does my ideas and game mechanics sound?",1553453321
b3uvi3,"An idea I had that is pretty large, kind of wanted some thoughts on what people like and dislike.","This isn't going to be feedback on the scope, its massive and never going to be fulfilled unless the stars align, but i wanted to see if anyone else was semi interested in this. Here is a google document in point format with some ideas. https://docs.google.com/document/d/11wR7vCQVXnpSP1SZZutKE38TtH_d9egdZ3Zr3csWseY/edit?usp=drivesdk Now, feel free to discuss, shoot down, just know that this isnt so much as feedback of what I need to do to get it made, more so of something for me to get off my chest as a dream game.",1553196685
b4ljd4,Sea of Thieves but in space.,"You make a character and awaken from a cryo-sleep on a forgotten and vacant space station. You grab an escape pod and head down to a planet that acts as a starter planet. Yok dorge weaponry and a ship to take you to other planets. On other planets you face different challenges and unique rewards. You may leave a planet and go to any planet you as you please. Completely open universe game filled with aliens, dangers of space, and unique worlds that in itself presents challenges from, the sea, storms, land, and so much more. The perfect game to never get bored of, due to an infinite amount of things to do. ",1553360952
azoz07,Burnout Royale,"So now that Battle Royale has established itself as a defacto Genre™, I think a Battle Royale racing game is in order, and what could be a better fit than the core elements of Burnout (particularly Burnout Paradise) with its car combat and open world navigation. Picture this: 20-30 cars drop from the sky into a big ol' map full of roads, shortcuts and trickjumps. Every car starts out as a beat-up junker but upgrades are scattered throughout the map to make your car faster, stronger, boostier, better handling, etc, and they're mostly placed on trick jumps and shortcuts to encourage exploration, as well as random civilian cars that give you upgrades when you take them down. Basic BR rules still apply, there's a circle that slowly shrinks and the last car standing wins, but rather than guns, cars simply have to ram each other to death to secure victory. Special powerups may include: - A car-canon that can launch you to another spot on the map - A super boost that sends you rocketing at top speed towards an unsuspecting target - Greese traps that heavily reduce handling on your enemies - A powerup that lets you ""dash"" left and right fot a short amount of time, basically a sort of power-nudge that breaks physics and lets you smash people you otherwise couldn't smash All in all it's a pretty broad idea that I think would be super open to all sorts of wacky ideas being tacked onto it. Lemme know what yall think and what you would addon to this!",1552278631
axuqd4,Any simple ideas for mobile?,"So im deciding on learning java, and basically anything in the android studio toolkit. I have 0% knowledge on how java works, but tend to learn as i read the docs, etc. I want some ideas that sounds great but isnt a 3D rendered mess, or something that needs servers to be ran(im not spending more then i already did for a developer account). I also hope on making some cash off of it, by letting users watch ads for some currencies or something, but nothing intrusive where ads pop-up at random, user chooses to see an ad for rewards. &amp;#x200B; # A few ideas i have. So, although i maybe end up doing these, i want to see what a huge group wants, i dont want to make my first mobile game, no... my first GAME(I have created a website and other things, but not a game) be a flop, so if the ideas i have are not stuff the community wants, then im willing to create one it does. &amp;#x200B; 1. A Shoot-em-up, where you play through levels, gaining levels and some currency. You can then use skill points you made to upgrade certain abilities, while with the currency you can buy different upgrades, cosmetics, etc. The Shoot-em up will be with ships, with some levels having you play as something else(where you can also buy upgrades, etc for). 2. A City building type game. You run a city that was gifted to you by your father after he passed. You have to take care of buildings, crime, the people, services, etc. to try and keep your city alive, and you also have to manage to keep yourself alive, too. As people from other cities(AI's) attack your city, and most likely you. If you die, you basically ""lose"" your save forcing a restart, but your last city is still there, in shambles after the mayor has died. Also, should have said this earlier, but you can also raid other peoples(AI's+Your last ones) cities, so you can raid your last city to get most of what you had back. I also hope to have it have servers where you can also raid other real life players once i make enough from it to handle the server fees. 3. Something like pixel dungeon(a mobile game), where you explore through dungeons on a 2D plane. You collect loot, sell loot, upgrade loot, upgrade skills, craft tools, And also can buy real estate, like a shop to craft weapons for customers, and your dungeoning service, where you get an item from a dungeon for a customer.",1551846718
ay1o7l,Location based driving game to own the road,"This a location-based game overlaying a real GPS map. Basically as you drive down the street your claiming that stretch of the road for your team, leaving coloring in the road map as you drive with your teams colors. If someone from another team drives down that same street their colors will override yours and claim that street for their team. You can play as a part of your everyday commute or you go out of your way to claim enemy streets. After X days/weeks whichever team has the most road claimed wins and the maps reset.",1551894717
b6mktv,A remake of the NES game Contra in the style of DOOM 2016,"All the songs rescored as heavy metal tracks, bloody soldier and alien killing, just a brutal game overall. ",1553798561
b1tv98,A Kart Racer with Some Fighting Game Mechanics," A Mario Kart Wii-style game with fighting game mechanics such as meter management and character-specific special attacks, all coupled with a Mario Strikers/Jet Set Radio/Sonic Riders art direction. \- Physics would be akin to Mario Kart Wii, but faster and heavier. \- Meter gain can be sped up by taunting (similar to a wheelie in Mario Kart Wii, but with any vehicle) or hitting an opponent with an item. Otherwise, meter is gained automatically. Meter gauge has 3 bars to it. \- Outside or inside drifting option for every vehicle. \- Arcade-style single player mode.",1552751533
b2onu4,Idea for a surreal rugrats RPG about horses," i would like to make a rugrats RPG, but with neoclassical architecture in a surreal atmosphere featuring uncanny dialogue and jarring non-diegetic imagery, the core game mechanic is raising horses (like neopets) and the rugrats are all voiced by H. Jon Benjamin [*https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c\_0Y0\_6UyuI&amp;t=1s (****YT: rugrats RPG (official trailer)****)*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_0Y0_6UyuI&amp;t=1s)",1552946069
b2nyl9,A physics based fighting game where you create your own characters.,"So, this is kinda complicated but I'll explain it the best I can. Your character is a default size ragdoll thing, and you can design your own moves by controlling limb movement. You then bind these movements to a certain button. For example, say I wanted my character to do a right hook when I press the b button. I would control his arms to do that, and map it to the b button. I'd you have a question read the end, where I talk about a few concerns I have about the idea. How to Create Characters: So, there would be an option on the home screen that sends you to the place you create characters. Here, you would design limb movements to do certain actions. These could be attack based, like swinging a punch or kick at them, or movement based, like ducking, dodging, walking, or rolling. As well as that, you can decide the weight of your character. Moves can be more complicated than just single hits. You can map an entire string to a single button, saving space and making it easier on you. But you also run the risk of losing versatility and getting punished if you miss. There are three different states you can be in in battle, all of which have their own movesets: Normal (Standing up, completely unfazed) Hit (Knocked over, or flinching from an attack) Airborne (Flying in midair through being launched by an attack) I'll get to what they do later. Everything you'd expect your character to be able to do normally (except turning) you have to design a move that does that. Including walking, dodging, guarding, attacking, etc. Combat: Next, the actual battling. Due to its nature as a physics-based game, there would be a lot of falling over and launching. As I mentioned before, there are three states you can be in. Hit is when you're hit with an attack that knocks you over or makes you flinch. Airborne is when you get send flying. You could design a punish out of being hit, and a way of landing safely out of being airborne, thanks to the aforementioned three different movesets. Concerns: I have a lot of things that I'm uncertain about when it comes to the idea. First is the accessibility. Designing moves could be quite difficult and tedious, especially for casual players. I have a few solutions. Make there be default custom characters there from the start (Easyish), or add a character sharing function (Harder). Another concern is the combat itself. I'm not entirely sure how a match would play out, or even what the win condition should be. Knock them out of the arena? Deplete a health bar? Pin them for a certain amount of time, wrestling style? I'm concerned that battles could either end quickly or stalemate. Another one, perhaps the biggest of all, is how difficult it would be to make. A game with that much customisation and interaction would require some serious experience to put into action. If you have any comments, questions or suggestions, feedback would be greatly appreciated.",1552942554
b91o51,Wizards vs Warlocks,"The idea for this game is simple, there are two teams set on opposite sides of a smallish map. These teams are the wizards and the warlocks, there is an objective that needs to be completed by one of the teams like TF2 so that it’s not just a boring TDM game. The catch with this game is that everyone starts off as the same character, the same basic attacks and permanent buffs randomly spawn around the map. You can’t walk into a fight with a pre-built build, the game would change and react as things go. Your skills would be divided into schools of magic like healing, shielding, explosions and more. The spells you have you need to find around the map and using those spells in game will level up your skills and these level ups will not carry over. ",1554315947
azva9h,Open world rpg set in ancient Rome,"Open world RPG in the style of Kingdom Come: Deliverance, but set in ancient Rome (empire, not republic). Need I say more?! Also the spoken language in the game should be Latin.",1552320940
b87i3l,Zelda-like with RTS and Tower Defense Mechanics,"Imagine a 3rd-person open world adventure game with simple and fun combat (think modern Zelda), add in some basic RTS/city management mechanics, and then layer on rival settlements that slowly pump out military units that follow established roads to your closest settlement and begin assaulting it as your built defenses protect your settlement. Details below. &amp;#x200B; The player would adventure the world, fight monsters/bandits/etc, dive into caves and dungeons and collect loot and resources to create (a) settlement(s). The player would continue to adventure in this way, collecting resources to further expand and upgrade their settlement(s), meanwhile enemy AI would settle a ""rival"" settlement for each settlement the play creates and these rival settlements would slowly expand and upgrade to match player's settlement progression. Rival settlements would continue to expand with the player's until the player actively leads a military assault on the enemy settlement, at which point they could either destroy and eliminate that threat, or just cause damage and force the enemy to rebuild the lost structures over a period of time. Settlements would require basic resource management in the form of Homes (population), Farms (food), Lumber Mills (wood), Quarries (stone), Mines (ore), and Trade Depots (gold). Players could also build Blacksmiths, General Stores, and Alchemy Shops that would create actual stores for the player to purchase weapons, armor, adventuring gear, and potions/elixers/poisons for their character. There would also be defense structures in the form of walls, guard towers, gates, traps, etc. that could be built to defend the settlement during the player's absence. &amp;#x200B; This is a start, I will expand on my post later.",1554147135
b5ns0n,does anyone have an intresting core mechanic for a game,most post on this subreddit are about a story or a setting .,1553594286
aymhhd,Apprentice,"This is actually something that I've been working on for bit, outline wise. But, I'm going back to school and dont have time to really start anything. Apprentice: The story begins with a knight praying over a grave. The scene cuts to the knight walking through a street, the town lively around him. The knight arrives home, takes off his armor, and goes to sleep. A quick scene plays. It's hard to tell what is going on, but it's a dark room, the floor is lit with a eerie creaking noise. ------- The knight wakes up to the voice of a young man. ""Sam get up"" ""Samuel! I'm going to steal breakfast if you dont make it"" The young man, maybe 14, was taken in by Sam after he was abandoned at the age of 4. Sam was nicer to that boy than anyone else. But he refused to train him with a sword. This turned into the child becoming an bitter, and a thief. But likewise to Sam, he loved that old man. ------- The story takes us across a world where a hero is adorned for doing what was right for the kingdom, but destroyed his soul. The knight burned a village of infected people. After years of combating a new plague, the kingdom decides to purge the evil with fire.. Unknown to the knight, his wife and daughter were admitted to the quarantine village that very day. After a violent outburst within the royal courts, and a failed suicide. A boy saves a man, by finding what he believed to be an empty, warm place to sleep. The boy found a man, hanging from the ceiling. So, that's good enough for the introduction. So this doesnt take all night. ------- The gameplay I wanted to feel like SOTN with an overworld like Shovel Knight. Lots of equipment, spells/skills are used through button combos. But nothing like wall climbing or flying. You go through levels playing as the knight, killing bandits, eyeballs, bats, etc. Your Apprentice(the boy) follows you as an npc. The Apprentice can be sent of optional tasks: getting fruit from a tree, helping npc's, distracting monsters. After every story level a night scene occurs where the Apprentice is training (hitting tree, starting fires, running, swimming). Depending on what optional things you do, he gets bonus non observable stats. He always levels up but optional quests will change what he gets and how much. This leads to you fighting across the land, crippling and tearing apart the royal families that had the knight kill his own family. The knight slowly starts showing the boy things, teaching him lessons about critical thinking and pride. The final lesson, the finals boss is Sam. The boy becomes his perfect suicide. After becoming obsessed with revenge, and then after completing his revenge, nothing changes. Sam understands that he has become a danger to the world and can no longer live with his memories. You take over controlling the boy who has the same controls but is a little faster and has the skill, snack time. He stays rooted for 1.2* seconds while eating a snack, gaining hp and atk bonus for 8* seconds. When you kill sam you see the full scene of Sam trying to kill himself and the boy finding him and saving him. Scenes of Sam with him family and Sam with the boy begin to overlap and its supposed to be a touching, maybe sad ending. Boom! Not the end! Post credits the boy wakes from bed, but oh boy, that's no boy! You are now 19, and a badass. You will scour the world for your own type of revenge, to honor the father you killed. You now have a couple skills(Snack Time, Air Strike, Spire and Master Mode), my favorite being Master Mode. In this mode you're covered in a shadow cloak and your attacks shoot out shadow daggers that you teleport to if you choose(double tap or something). Your movespeed and atk is also increased. When this move ends it eats 10%* of your life and you're 25%* slower for 10* seconds. The world is similar but now all the royal Apprentices are adults and wants their own revenge. You kill your way across the land in a self reflective story, learning about your master and his past. ------- The final ending I dont have sadly. That's as far as I've got with it all. I do have skills and a lot of events written out. But that isn't too important here. Well, I know it's not very good but if anyone wants to run with this, go for it. Just contact me if it becomes anything( I wanna play!) and give me a whatever credit.",1552021989
b11z8q,"A 4 player horde PvE game, like L4D and Vermintide, but a class based RPG.","I’d love to see a game that’s a marriage between Diablo and L4D. Stat and gear based RPG where a player joins objective based scenarios with other players to achieve certain goals and level up. Scenarios would be ranked by level (1-5, 4-8, 20-22, etc...), and players could bring friends or be matched with similar level players. Gameplay would be similar to Vermintide. First person combat, hordes of enemies, and character classes that work better when there’s variation in the party. Different classes would have their own skills and spells, along with unique talent trees to ensure that two players of the same class can play in different ways. Likewise, gear could allow a player to better build a character to their liking. Enemies, likewise, should come in various forms, and scenarios should be semi-random to promote variety in player classes. Failing to bring a class that has strong ranged abilities might leave the party vulnerable to a sniper, or lack of AoE might mean they’re overrun by a horde easily.",1552578957
b7kp92,Real life MMO,"A MMO where you can see other players in really life as their characters, you walk around and using the AR feature as the main use, you can interact with different things and people, if someone is playing the game you will see their character through the AR In game. Kinda like Pokémon go but ALWAYS in “augmented reality” (AR). Just a fun little idea for a new type of MMO, their are places where you get quests and you can do so much while still interacting with others! (whatever that is...)",1554013169
azlrzl,Wild West Hunter,"Basically, you live not too far from town in the old west. Your father taught you to hunt, but he's dead, or missing, or something, and has nothing at all to do with the game, apart from an old hunter's bow. The object of the game is simply to hunt, and collect goods/food/resources to sell in town for taxes, house upgrades, and stuff. &amp;#x200B;  There's an old crafting bench out back for you to craft new tools/weapons/clothes, or upgrade old ones. Once you've killed something, weight is an issue. When you can't carry anymore, you're done for this trip. At home, you can go to a different bench and... get your goods. You have to eat, but there will be plenty of food if you're a good enough hunter, and there should be a fireplace in your cabin to cook over. An upgrade might give you a pot to boil in for new recipes. You can also craft things like knives and axes for collecting stuff like wood, or stuff from plants. More dangerous prey, or more exotic prey will get you better crafting material and higher payments in town. &amp;#x200B; You can also buy vehicles, like a horse, a wheelbarrel, or a cart to bring more stuff with you, which will increase your general inventory. No backpacks. &amp;#x200B; I was thinking less Ark, and more of a cartoonish, almost Minecraft feel... no scenes of horrific slaughter, or anything like that... a game that looks like a game. &amp;#x200B; If there's a game like this, I haven't really found it. I've found vaguely similar (Novus Inceptio is closer), but nothing really that suits my interest.",1552259243
az913s,"A Warhammer 40k video game that takes place on a world overrun by Xenos and heretics. You play as an imperial guardsman, deep behind enemy lines. With the ""Shadow of War"" nemesis system.",,1552170930
ayyvf0,"A Mario party clone, but it's also a crossover starring popular Indie characters.","A while ago, I had an idea for ""Nintendo Party"" a crossover game which is like Mario party meets Smash Bros. I think this would be a better idea with Indie characters for 2 reasons. 1. We only have 1 official Indie crossover game. 2. Nintendo is very strict with their Properties. We also have a surprising lack of of Mario Party style party games, and none that are crossover games. I would love to see a casual party crossover game.",1552100453
azkfup,A game made for the steam controller,"Hey all, &amp;#x200B;  I was thinking of messing around with Unity to make a game where you control two characters at once, using both of the Steam controller's touchpads . An overhead style game where your two characters have to navigate the game's world (which I haven't thought about at all) and face baddies, gain new abilities, etc. - I'm posting for feedback about the game's core mechanics. &amp;#x200B; What I am thinking of is that one touchpad controls one character, the other pad controls the other character. Moving your thumb over a touchpad would be joystick move style to move that character about, and when you hold-click on that touchpad, a touch-menu comes up over that character with the abilities they have (as well as a ""cancel button""). When you release your click, it selects the ability you were hovering over, the touch menu disappears. and a targeting arrow pops up over your character. At this point, the touchpad controls the targeting/rotation of the character, and highlights the things that can be interacted with by the ability that you have selected. Press once more and the ability is executed. &amp;#x200B; Anyway, that is the basic idea. What do you guys think? &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;",1552251980
az4hip,Random Idea: Sakesphere's Tempest or some Sakesphere's Play turned into an action game but with very bad acting.,"It will be a shooter game set in a future cyberpunk dystopia. But still talk like Sakesphere while over acting every scene. You shoot a badguy, the guy dies with dramatic acting while still being dead serious about his acting. In COD, u mow down so many enemies, it gets repetitive. Here, you kill only a few badguys in most of the various missions. Like ""In Bruges"" movie where Colin Farrell was killed by Ralph Fiennes which takes several minutes just to kill 1 guy. In Bruges Spoiler:  [Started in a hotel. Pregnant hotel manager telling them she's not going anywhere, arguing while shooting at each other, he jumped on a gondola, got shot, then got chased through the neighborhood, then finally killed.]",1552144752
ayk39y,Heavy Metal Collaboration,"2D platformer that takes you on a history of classic Heavy Metal music. Each level is themed to a different band, and inspired by their music. The main plot: retrieve the 13 artifacts of metal to save it from being destroyed forever by a corrupted Ozzy, who isn't thinking correctly after catching rabies from a bat. Are you saying to yourself ""I hate metal, let it be destroyed forever"" as you read that? That's ok, you're not the audience. But for those of you that looked down to find your hand unconsciously making the sign of the horns... you are the ones. A public vote can be set up to determine which bands deserve to be included, and to help build an audience. And yes, getting the rights to their creative works will also play a role... but that's for the team of lawyers to figure out. One thing is for sure, it would end with black sabbath and a showdown with a rabid Ozzy. At which point you somehow exile the rabies from him with the artifacts. Metal.",1552006123
ay45k3,Goblin Town Building.,"**Setting** The world is primarily fantasy with some old world and ancient aesthetics and technologies *(i.e. 90's style computers and large mechanical golems).* Immortal travelers *(adventurers that respawn)* hunt and sell monsters to grow in strength to defeat the big bad at the center of the continent. The game is instead based on the outskirts where few villages exist scattered about. In this world there exist the higher races (e.g. humans) and lower and less intelligent species *(e.g. goblins, wolfmen, etc.)* who're hunted for training and resource purposes. The player may hear news of the big bad or the ""heros"" progress but will never have direct interaction as a lowly goblin in the sticks. &amp;#x200B; **Game Start** It's an RPG with the player being a cute lil Goblin who's just been enslaved after Immortal Travelers destroyed their nest and entire tribe. The player was not killed but enslaved as they demonstrated human-like intellect *(i.e. begged for their life).* The player is to be sold off to the mayor as a rare prize. The player later locked in a dungeon and eventually escapes, coincidentally interrupting an assassination against the mayor (owner of dungeon). After combat and dialog you're giving a rickety shack outside of town and given a rare citizenry pass where the mayor vouches for your trust-worthiness (prevents town's from enslaving or attacking you like they would a regular monster). **Gameplay** It's a third-person RPG with a combat similar to BOTW but with a focus on using your small goblin body to easily engage and disengage in fast-passed hit and run tactics. The player can farm, hunt, collect rare materials, explore local areas, take on odd-jobs/social quests to earn trust, doll their goblin up in many different outfits and some armors, sell their stuff at shops, hire carpenters to renovate their shack into something respectable. Think BOTW and D&amp;D meets Stardew Valley. Unfortunately for the player, not everyone respects the artificially enforced ownership rights of a simple goblin. Adventurers, thieves and Immortal Travelers may try to take what you've built. The player will have to build basic defenses, hire mercenaries, buy defense technologies and perhaps build a small community to help defend their property (and life). As the player needs to be ready for anything, this should enforce a gameplay loop where the player: Works for items **--&gt;** sells or trades them **--&gt;** invests, then decorates and upgrades home **--&gt;** repeat &amp;#x200B; I'm actually planning to build this game myself over a couple of years but want to refine the idea. Any ideas on whether it's a decent concept or if you see any issues? I'm unsure if it's a bloated idea or not, but a cute goblin decorating their home, playing dress up and fighting off bandits and whatnot seems cool.",1551907401
axt4gu,Minecraft x Qube 2 love child,"Minecraft is (in my opinion) an amazing game, an open and endless world with endless possibilities. The graphics of the game however are loveable, but could be better, and sure this could be changed with mods but that's besides the point. After playing Qube 2 for a while I thought how awesome a game would be if it was pretty much the world and creativity of Minecraft but with the graphics and such of Qube 2. Have some combat like that of a fps like borderlands or something thrown in. More bosses (the ender dragon, wither, and guardian being the only I can think of) and higher tier mobs to fight and actual guns. Feel free to criticize and add ideas!",1551836535
azaal5,"Nation-building game similar to civ, but it takes place over multiple planets.","When you get enough technological advancement, you can establish interplanetary colonies and compete with other nations on that front. Otherwise is a regular strategic nations/war game. &amp;#x200B; The main difficulty I can see with it is that we haven't done it yet in real life, and thus may not know what factors to include in the game to foster good strategy.",1552178971
ayvzen,"Game like animal crossing, but grittily realistic","It would be like animal crossing (town/city simulator that takes a terrible sounding concept, but becomes a great game), but it’s more realistic, and it takes place in like a city, or something. It would be either third or first person, and you could choose from a limited selection of jobs, some might be something boring like office worker, or you could be a murderer, or a robber, or something like that ( I don’t mean for a clone of the sims or gta), the game would be an rpg, with customizable protagonist, that isn’t voiced.normal RPG progression system, with multiple skill trees, each unlocked by a job, with no MTX in game. There would be a level cap. Expansion packs could include new jobs, higher level cap, and new locations. The game could have an over-arching plot, however the game idea could work without some grand, black ops 3 zombies esque story. I know nothing about game development, and realize that a game like this would be a huge file, and expensive to create. The game would probably be priced around $60 with major expansions costing $20, and smaller expansions costing $5-$10, however the game would not have Civilization, The Sims, or Train Simulator levels of DLC. Just came up with this idea, and wanted to hear people’s thought, the base idea I’ve had for a wile (city simulator type of game) but the whole other stuff like RPG elements I thought up on the fly. I really hope I didn’t break any sub rules",1552082709
ay13f5,'#1 dad' based monster capture game,wherein you are either a child collecting dads or a dad collecting children battling them against each other &amp;#x200B; humor/dark humor theme &amp;#x200B;,1551891755
ayy93i,A game where you build asteroid stations like in the Expanse,"A city builder type game. You have to spin an asteroid to create centrifugal pseudo-gravity, dig tunnels and create living area, hydroponic farms, power stations, oxygen generators, etc. The closer an area is to the center, the lower the gravity but the more central the location. People would probably want to live on the outer perimeter, but that's also where'd you want youd want to have docks and stuff. Basically a city builder with some interesting constraints. ",1552096107
ayjmyw,"The Smithsonian is accepting applications for inclusion in the fifth annual SAAM Arcade which will be held on August 3 &amp; 4, 2019.", This year's theme is BREAKING BARRIERS! [https://americanart.si.edu/events/saam-arcade](https://americanart.si.edu/events/saam-arcade),1552003424
axw2b0,"Luigi's Mansion sequel, but like PT. With Mario as the antagonist.","Imagine him whispering ""it's a meee"" around the corner. Writings will weave a tell of Luigi's guilt at treating Yoshi poorly, and he'll have to brave an endless hell. Also Goombas",1551856454
az6h4t,VR Hack and slash game with simplistic yet stylish graphics," this game might require advanced AI code ninja) Preface: i am a fan of hack and slash games, but sadly there are none present in VR right now, and i dont know any in the making either, so it would be nice to have one Basics: Hack and slash games with art style similar to beat saber or super hot - glossy surfaces, realistic lighting and simplistic enviroment and npcs. Main focus should be the feeling of combat here, main weapon is a hardlight sword made with voxels, so when you try to swing the sword into armored parts of an enemy those voxels gets destroyed, making your sword shorter (to prevent mindless swinging, but you can repair your sword with a couple of gestures i.e. sheathing it) Enemies should have different behaviors and mechanics , Gamemode: Climb the procedurally generated tower (tower generates once a week for everyone, so we can have weekly rankings and overall rankings) filled with various enemies , Aquire your rank badge and weekly rotated rewards (cosmetics) and show off in the hub area, where you can see and talk to other players Hub could have spectate option, so players in the hub can watch other players play on tv screen in the hub if that option is enabled by those players, it also could have different mini games Combat: The goal with combat is to feel badass (like playing expert songs in beat saber) so killing an enemy should take some skill and tactics. AI must be reactive to player actions for example if player uses one tactic on a type of an enemy too often that enemy switches its behavior to a different template (lets say 3 templates per type of an enemy) Enemy have weakspots (glowing parts) which you must destroy to weaken and then kill it, each destroyed weakpoint affects enemy behavior slightly (destroing weakspot on the arm should make it us that arm less often, on the torso - make it more defensive, on the leg - slower movement and so on), destroying certain amount of weakpoints enables takedown move To stimulate player do cool moves certain gestures may activate different enhancments (blue yellow green red white modes, and parts on an enemy are colored matching that modes, so you have to hit it with a sword with matching color, some enemies can shuffle colors around as reaction) Movement: Dash in combat and free loco out of combat. Dashing uses energy so you cant zoom around, by dashing you can evade telegraph attacks and disengage/close gap. Dashing may be centered around your targeted enemy (you can target an enemy by pointing a sword at him and pressing menu button) &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; P.S. ill add more details later (or not) &amp;#x200B;",1552156285
azljjc,Product reviewer,"Last time I posted on this subreddit I was met with very toxic comments, and speech(across multiple posts actually). Hopefully you can bear with me as you read this idea(one of the last post is like 10 months old), and not be a snarky asshat, I'm only a beginner. In this game you play as (What I can describe as) a product tester a person who analyzes certain products (Foods, electronics etc) to make sure it is safe for use, and follows guidelines that make it legal to sell. I envision the game playing out as if The player has to build up their reputation as a trust able worker, by having approved many products for multiple companies (various products) to gain more monetary value. The story will play out where you are a typical run-of-the-mill college dropout living in a one house apartment, and with the rent due every month you are desperately looking for a new career, when you see an ad seeking out judges you jump at the chance to make a quick check, and plan to make a hobby out of reviewing products. The goal of the game will of course be to become rich and famous, and you will have 'lost' the game if your player dies (no money for food or water or medicine). ",1552257873
ay3qxp,"A physics-based game where you have to perform simple household tasks, but your arms only work from the elbows down.","It would work a little like octodad or any other game where you control your character's limbs. You would have to do basic household tasks, like 'make some toast' or 'do the laundry. There could be puzzle elements like having to find something to stand on to reach otherwise easily accessible places. It doesn't even have to be about housework. It could be an obstacle course game or even a survival horror.",1551905361
azk8ow,Wolfenstein/Fallout like game,"It would take place in Germany and Denmark 100 years after most of civilization collapses. It would play like Wolfenstein but look like Fallout. &amp;#x200B; Story: You start off as a soldier part of a group of people trying to make create a society again, but you are attacked while escorting prisoners to the New Dresden which is the capital of the new country (i have no clue what it would be called) but you are attacked by a terrorist group that wants to topple civilization again. You are captured and overhear that the group had discovered a military base with hundred of nuclear missiles, and that they're close to figuring out the codes. You break out and must tell the capital about it, but you can betray them later on. &amp;#x200B; Character: You could make your character look how you want. You would look like a Frogman: [http://i.imgur.com/oCFvxtv.jpg](http://i.imgur.com/oCFvxtv.jpg) except instead of just a helmet you have a full mask. &amp;#x200B; Will this ever be a thing? no. Do I wish it would? yeah",1552250926
azbuzk,Traditional cars and wipeout-style AG racers in the same game,"Name something something extreme racing 2150 Concept Overview Something like f-zero/wipeout but also with traditional cars that handle different from the anti-grav vehicles. Multiplayer-focused and as mod-friendly as possible. Plot People race cars and space ships and stuff Setting Tracks on earth, various other planets, maybe a track built out in space with reduced gravity or something. Game can probably launch with 3 tracks, saving man hours for mod tools, netcode and balancing. Characters/Abilities Game probably needs to launch with 6 cars at the most (modding community can do the rest). 3 wheeled vehicles and 3 antigrav vehicles. The different vehicle classes would control differently and have different ways to get fast lap times. The AG vehicles would have simplistic, angular designs (think f-zero) while the wheeled vehicles would be futuristic versions of various supercars (no licensing required, in case anyone is concerned) Gameplay Mechanics It's a sci-fi arcade racer with netcode-friendly vehicle physics. No weapons, up to 30 cars on the track (And 30 players in online multiplayer.) The main feature is the 2 different types of vehicles. Cars would be classed as either wheeled or AG-wheeled vehicles could have more grip and a handbrake while AG vehicles could be able to do f-zero style sideslips and turn in midair. This all depends on what keeps the vehicles balanced. VR support in a game like this would be awesome but I'm not sure how feasible it is for a small team. Standout Features What makes your game really stand out or fun? Sense of speed, potentially unlimited replay value from multiplayer and user-created tracks/vehicles, being able to approach the same track differently depending on what vehicle type you're using. Possible Platforms Windows, possibly Mac and Linux Extra Features Biggest challenges would probably be (in no particular order) netcode, making the game data-driven, balancing 2 different types of vehicles, especially designing tracks where both vehicle types are competitive and fun to use. Keeping the framerate at 60fps with 30 cars on the track and still creating a sense of speed is probably a challenge too-as far as I know only Nintendo has ever done that. yourgameistoobig.com estimates development cost at $77k. I ticked the boxes for vehicles, ""both pve and pvp"" (to represent online multiplayer), modding tools, and also ""expertly designed and polished GOTY contender"" to represent the challenges of balancing 2 types of vehicles (that usually appear in racing games with drastically different level design) and possible VR support (vr + 700mph + mods pretty much is GOTY material in my book). Not sure how big a team this game would need, probably something similar to 34bigthings, however many people they have How To Credit You Credit me for what? ",1552190133
azbhv1,So I have a battle royal idea,"I have been thinking about this for awhile and i think it would go along very nicely a paintball I no it doesn't seem different then with ""real"" guns. but using paintballs different types of markers like Airbows or theres a bt attachment that curves paintballs around corners. There can also be different speedball maps or woodsball or hold events like D-Day and everything it might even be possible to grant permission to use markers and paint from real companies as far as the one hit rule in paintball it gets off shot by a respawn mechanic. As far as the markers go I think it would be cool to make it able to customize the marker to your specifications in paintball almost anything can be upgraded the springs which help propel the ball the hoppers can to. I think instead of what normal battle royals do where the weapons and attachments are on the map I think having the weapons and attachments added before the match starts and having an online store for upgrades and new markers there hasn't been a good paintball game so I'm really hoping someone will make a game like this So let's talk and flesh out a game plan",1552187453
ayzuvm,"An Anthem type game, but it can be singleplayer or played with friends.The armor when damaged will repair when not in battle, but it will not be repaired but instead filled with a concrete material.","When you reach a repair station, the repair station will take out the fillings and instead repair the suit fully. The fillings will decrease total health. When you die, the place you get shot in is recorded and an off screen surgery is performed, where the body part is replaced with a robotic part. In the end, you become a full android and can choose to betray the vary same kind that you once were, or remaining loyal to a race that you once was a part of.",1552107378
ay0m3p,Halo as a marine,"A game similar to halo odst, but you play as marine following a Spartan. Maybe as an add on or something similar to odst, like the Spartan opps was to halo 4",1551889220
axvdvt,Pepper Oni,I would like some help and opinions on how to go forward with this thought for a game. I am thinking about this being ether a mobile app or an online game. The idea that I came up with is a Sabotage cooking game named (Pepper Oni). ,1551851298
ayybsc,LGBT Themed Horror Game,"Erika is 18 years old and ready to finish her senior year in high school. The problem is she doesn't know how she even got to this point in her life. There is no memories, no rhymes, no reasons why she is here in this life that doesn't feel like her own. The reality of her existence is unstable to the point that she sometimes finds herself in what appears to be a living nightmare, the anger and grudge of someone she does not know. She can feel it. In those creatures that seek to literally eat away at her. With each time she is here, fighting these beasts, she begins to learn. She was, will be, is the female identity of a transgender female that was brutally murdered by her uncle. The man she never was died, and Erika, the female identity, was thrust forth into the void of non-existence. It was this void that she escaped only to find herself in another void; the void left behind by a miscarriage. It was her that she tore into reality, finding herself the daughter of the couple who dealt with the miscarriage. This isn't her true home. This is a fake reality. And underneath this falsehood, inside the void, grew the grudge, fear, turmoil, anger, pain that was born from Christopher: the false identity that Erika thought she was before she was murdered. Death brought life to Erika, but death grew an evil in Christopher. Now Christopher seeks to destroy Erika for playing a part in his death while she got to live as if nothing happened. Until now.",1552096612
azflns,Need ideas for my NSFW game," Im making a game with some sprites from an old japanese game i found, but i dont have any ideas of what type of game to make. Give me your suggestions on how to make it better! [https://youtu.be/TxghGC6S9yc](https://youtu.be/TxghGC6S9yc)",1552224210
as6m08,A JRPG in English that slowly turns the text to Japanese to help you learn.,"Just so that the language learned isn't all fantasy/anime trope stuff, the story should probably begin in the real world and introduce a conflict which brings in the capacity for sci-fi or fantasy terms as well. &amp;#x200B; One of the core mechanics of the game would be that all kinds of items (nouns), quests (verbs), and statuses/spells (adjectives, adverbs) would, when successfully collected, completed, answered, etc. gain you progress in the story of bringing balance back into the world. Even mundane things like coffee pots or entrance exams need to be dealt with because all aspects of humanity are under attack. Anything could house a secret power or equipment status (or hide an enemy! Mimics everywhere!). Grammar is gained throughout the arcs when reflecting upon all your exploits . Etc. Etc. &amp;#x200B; The point being that the more you can learn to interact with in the language, the better you can do. There would need to be some non-linear design just because players may learn words in different orders than others. When you opt into some content in the game like a quest, a certain batch of words will be turned to Japanese terms. Some of the most powerful tools to collect are the characters of the writing system, the kana and the kanji. You as the player don't have to do perfectly well, and actually, the game can be completed mostly in English if changing too much stuff to Japanese proves hard. But THEN, every time you select New Game +, your prior knowledge comes with you and you can see the earlier scenes in the game in more and more Japanese form. &amp;#x200B; Spoken voices would likely be 100% Japanese for constant help. Subtitles, menus, text boxes would be the things that change over time, although a hard-core Japanese-only text and voice mode would always be available on demand. &amp;#x200B; The problem is that changing words gradually hits a brick wall when grammar and phrasing is so, so different between the two languages. There is only so much that you can do substituting word for word. Like ""I'm hungry"" becomes literally ""stomach emptied"" in Japanese. So there would need to be honest to goodness full steps when changing the script at many points. That said, as long as the game was fundamentally interesting enough and mechanically fun to play with a deep battle system, interesting characters, and puzzles that got MORE interesting the more language knowledge you can put into them, hopefully players would be willing to play through the game repeatedly without dying of rerun boredom. &amp;#x200B; I mean, I'd play it.",1550552073
aroo67,"Petition to make a ""Fangame"" flair for the subreddit.",Upvote if you want this too.,1550435341
at62y0,A game where you get fired from your job and go into debt,Maybe karen takes the kids too.,1550771352
awsogm,You take control of a boot camp to train soldiers for war," Imagine Prison Architect but instead of managing a prison, you manage a boot camp.  A massive conflict has begun between two countries and you’re in charge of training your nation’s growing number of recruits. These recruits will vary in quality, from eager volunteers to mediocre draftees. You will have to get these men in top shape in order for them to win the war, and probably survive. Large quantities of recruits would arrive to boot camp once a month or two. Drill instructors can be assigned to a chosen number of recruits, who can either be experienced in previous conflicts or completely inexperienced.  You will have to create firing ranges, barracks, obstacle courses, mess hall, parade square, etc. There will also be training grounds for specialized troops such as engineers, flamethrowers, tank crewmen, artillerymen, and much more. You will have only a certain amount of time to train recruits until they are assigned to different units or to the frontlines.  These soldiers would be sent on missions where their efficiency would depend on the quality of their training. If a mission is successful, you would receive an increase in money to build more infrastructure in your boot camp. Surviving troops also have a possibility of returning to the boot camp to serve as drill instructors.  ",1551607236
aukfpe,A game where you play as a cult fighting against other cults and the local government for control of the town/nation/whatever.,"Think a weird mix of CK2 and cultist simulator. Most of the map would be made of government/tiles at the beginning with each player starting with one tile, but you will not be able to immediately see the other cults in a specific tile unless you have planted a mole or encounter their influence. You will slowly spread your influence through force, persuasion, seduction, silent coups, manipulation, and more. &amp;#x200B; The world set I thought of might draw inspiration(plagiarize) from the works of H.P. Lovecraft, Stephen King, miscellaneous horror writers, and set in the modern day, or Victorian Period. &amp;#x200B; Most people would be unaware of magical happenings in the beginning, but would be slowly be: given magic, turned into a vampire, put under some sort of trance, corrupted, killed and resurrected through necromancy, infected with some strange parasite, and maybe more. Players might need to worry about attracting too much attention from people/government, and risk having to fight the government early on. Multiple cults could occupy the same tile and this will drive most of the conflict in the game.",1551095614
avcy8y,"You play on a GameBoy in the back of a car, while things happen in background.","I don't know if this has been done, but I'm thinking about a game where you play videogames on a handheld device, but the whole point of the game is things that happen around you while you play, like dialogues of other people and such. I guess this doesn't make a full game, but more like an ""interactive experience"" as they call short film-like games. Also, if the player can affect the outside world or is just an inattentive observer diverges into completely different games, it would be cool if what you did in the videogames affected the things that would happen in the ""real"" world.",1551270466
axnlih,"What you can't see, can't hurt you","The game could be a horror or a puzzle game, or both? The general idea is that so long as you aren't looking at something, it doesn't exist. For example: **1.** You could walk through doors backwards because they don't exist unless you can see them **2.** A monster could be trying to chase you and kill you, and the only way to not die is to make sure the monster never enters your field of view. This can be done by turning your back to the monster or maybe looking at the ground? **3.** There could also be a closed eye feature where you can close your character's eyes and then have to navigate a level in the dark from memories",1551806304
aw36bn,"A kingdom-building game where the choices you make build the kingdom, but only indirectly","I can imagine this as being how it would actually be as a monarch of a nation. &amp;#x200B; ***Concept*** You start with a tiny little kingdom. You are asked to make decisions about the kingdom, from simply binary choices (do you want to build a granary or a smith to utilise the waterwheel?) all the way to massive, kingdom-defining decisions (are we going to prepare to be a warfaring nation, or, are we going to focus on more economic interests, or, are we going to become the diplomatic middle ground of the local nations?). Every aspect is controlled by the player, but only indirectly, through advisors. The kingdom grows physically, economically, and culturally under the weight of these choices. Many wrong choices could lead the kingdom into turmoil - there could be a total collapse, or even a revolution leading to the player being thrown out of the palace, French Revolution-style. &amp;#x200B; ***Idea Size*** There is a lot of scalability here. You could have very simple graphics (basically a colour-coded map), all the way to fully rendered, beautiful graphics. The game idea is dependent on the story the player creates, rather than the graphics of the game itself. I think that the writing would take a long time in this, as potential outcomes of the choices will make or break the game, so every choice and it's outcome will need to be carefully considered in the design phase. &amp;#x200B; If it does get picked up, I would like to help out where I have time, and I would like access to alpha and beta phases to help test the game. A post-release copy would be nice, too. ",1551434625
au75g5,"Instead of building a city, you improve existing neighbourhoods","Due to the focus on neighbourhoods, the game engine can focus more closely on urban design: street design (bike paths and bike bike parking, trams, buses etc) and building design (down to windows, balconies, colours, murals, street art, materials and other design features). The building environment changes based on your changes. You can attract creative businesses. You can attract certain demographics. You can earn revenue by increasing the land rent and if businesses are successful. ",1551007815
atanc6,You are a modern soldier with modern weapons pushed back in time. You are thrown into a war against a opposing army in the medieval times and your goal is to take out as many as possible.,"This can be first person or 3rd person. You are on foot At your disposal you would have assault rifles, rpgs, mines, miniguns, sniper rifles, motars, etc. You will not get vehicles, and will only be on foot. Enemy would range from ancient European knights, to vikings, to Chinese foot soldiers, to samurai. Almost all of them are using melee weapons only. There will be archers and cavalry. Your only goal is to take out as many opposing forces you can. There is no time limit, only your death or the death of all that you are fighting against. Varying armies will have varying levels of protection against your weapons, where heavy armor it might take more than 1 bullet to take someone down. There is a morale meter that the opposing armies have and depending on how effective your methods are, you can greatly swing the favor of the battle in your direction by affecting their morale. Enemy armies can range from a group of 500 to upwards of 100,000 soldiers or more have to face. The number of people you have to take out could be dependent on if you are doing a co-op mode or not. Controls at the start will let you choose your timeline, terrain, weapons, and # of soldiers you are facing. Also, a random button just starts the game with you knowing nothing, going in blind, and doing your best with whatever the game gives you. Is there a game like this already? I want to play something like this bad.",1550794995
arjg3x,A humerous RPG game where you have to escape a dark fantasy world.,"**Story** You are a normal person who grew up as an orphan.You grew up with no clue about the whereabouts of your biological parents.Until one fateful day, a demonic being appears in front of you and claims that you are actually a prince/princess of the fantasy world of Grimdrak.According to the creature, you were sent here to avoid being assassinated by one of your royal parent's many, many enemies.Now you have to return to the world of Grimdrak to save it from a army of undead orcs lead by an extremely seductive necromancer succubus. Your troubles arise when actually arrive on Grimdrak, when you realize everything the demon told you (expect for Grimdrak being in grave danger) was utter bullshit.After a cutscene of you cursing his name, you finally set out on the epic quest to return to your world.Saving Grimdrak is completely optional. **Gameplay** It would be an isometric in order to that nostalgic feel of older RPG's like old Fallout, Arcanum, etc.Their would be many traits and skills, and there also be perk system similar to Fallout games.The game world is mostly open world and like many good RPGs their is a lot of NPCs you can romance, ~~even~~ especially the super sexy necromancer succumbus.",1550399640
avvc8n,Does this exist?,"It is a battle royale game where instead of the area to play in getting smaller, the players get bigger. When a player kills another player, instead of getting all of the items they got, one item that is randomly selected is what you are able to get from killing another player.",1551383442
axhy4i,A city building game inside the ruin of another city,A city management game where when your old city fails you have to build off of the ruins of your old city. There is a RimWorld mod named real ruins where it spawns ruins of other player's colony's. I think a game based off of this mechanic would be so cool. You would be able to make your own culture (Sort of like frost punk but with more of a focused on small laws) and when your city fails You have to use the scraps of your old one to try to scramble together a new one Or if you make a statue of a city member the new city might think you worshiped them as a god and follow them as such. ,1551767275
av29gc,Playground Gunship,"This game will be a rail shooter from the perspective of a futuristic gunship that is really a toy in the hands of an child running about a playground and other mundane environments. The player will control a ball turret on the bottom of the gunship as the child's unseen hand maneuvers the gunship through a playground environment. The player has two forms of attack: A pair of machine guns and four wing mounted missiles that regenerate slowly after launch. The machine guns are direct fire, but slowly build up heat. Once the machine guns are at max heat they can't fire until cooled. The missiles are guided and will steer themselves toward the point on the ground the player is aiming at. Missiles will be both area effect for taking out clustered enemies and they will do greater damage to hard targets. The enemies in this world will be imaginary demonic imps about four inches tall. Their color scheme will be black with a purple outline and red eyes (Black and purple will not be used in the normal world's color pallet). When killed they will vanish in a burst of black and purple particles. These imps may posses inanimate objects such as toy vehicles, quad-copter drones, or playground equipment. Such objects will appear black and purple until the player shoots away the imp infestation. Imps either in their humanoid form or possessing inanimate objects will shoot gobs of red energy at the player. Their shooting will be moderately inaccurate but the occasional stray shot will cause harm to the player if the player doesn't shoot the shooters first or shoot down the incoming energy globs. **NPC's** The events will be narrated by several toys with imagined sentience who are fighting the demonic imps along side the player.  **General Teddy** is a teddy bear with a stetson and a pair of small round glasses who speaks in a early 1900's Atlantic accent. He will command the ground troops and tell the player where hotspots of imp activity are. **Sergent Verdi** is a green army man who leads the other army men. He will send worried messages prior to the player's strafing runs and messages of gratitude after successful strafing runs. Speaks with a Hispanic accent.  **Ace McCloud** a Sopwith Camel pilot who flies through the scene from time to time. He will function like the wing men from Starfox occasionally helping with strafing runs or shooting down/getting shot at by enemy planes. Speaks with a heavy Scottish accent and has an antagonistic relationship with an imp who always possesses a Fokker dr1 toy (red baron plane). At the start of each mission there will be a cut scene where general General Teddy will brief the player and other toys on the nature of the infestation and any boss imps about. The boys hand will then come down and pick up the player's gunship as the POV shifts the the gunship's ball turret. Once the player's POV is in the turret the boy will dissapear and the mission will begin. **Levels:** The levels will be locations which a young boy will visit with his toys, such as: Boy's Bedroom Playground Sister's Bedroom Parents bedroom Backyard Living room Grandma's house Garage/laundry area Kitchen/dining room  **Boss battles:** Sister's Dollhouse Lawn mower in the back yard Model train set Grandma's Walker Dirty cloths monster in laundry hamper Kitchen utensil monster made up of a blender, spatula, and turkey baster. ",1551203258
atu6xq,VR Tank Crew game,"My idea is that you can be in a tank with other people and take up each role. i.e. driver, gunner, loader, commander etc. In VR ofcourse. I've made a concept video here https://youtu.be/-a1rDo45Onc At the moment I'm developing it on my own. I have zero experience but I'm teaching myself and enjoying it. Such a great feeling when you put something in and it works how you actually want it too. Developing on UE4 by the way.",1550918253
ax1uch,Cartography/Scouting Game?,"So I might sound like a total nerd for saying this, but wouldn't it be cool to have a first person game where you are a scout for a tribe and have to draw a map by hand. Essentially you are a cartographer that explores more and more land and you, the player, must draw the map for your tribe. Maybe as you progress you can get horses for faster transport? Please message if you are interested in creating this because I think it'd actually be kinda cool.",1551666828
aspqal,Within The Woods,"You play as a hermit/woodsman who has lived peacefully in the forest for yonks. However, the logging company has settled in, and your objective is to stop them from overrunning your home. There will be random events and wildlife too. Possibly a food and drink system? Maybe crafting, but I don't want this to turn into Minecraft. Different endings are a must. Random events with different rarity classes: Stripping Skinny Dipping Teens: Common Zoo Animal Escaped: Rare Serial Killet Hiding In Your Area: XTREMELY RARE pls help me expand on the game, ideas and that bless",1550677139
avmiqx,Any game ideas for a starting-out game developer?,I plan on using Unity to make a game that will take a while and it will be my first game. I went to the game development subbreddit and they recommended starting out with smaller projects. So I am looking for ideas. Show me what you got!,1551325856
awc7us,"Swipe left or right story (like ""Reigns"") but the stories are created by players","Players can create their mini game by using a workflow that just has boolean or yes/no options to swipe, and images they can pick for each card. The players that win a mini game rank the story in terms of length, fun and some other category from 1 to 5. Players that finish a story earn the points of the story that count for a ranking. There's a second ranking for ""story creators"" with the points given to each story.",1551489597
arys5s,Need a hobby project for 2019,"I'm a contractor and at the end of two 2 year long contracts with two game companies (in addition to a non-game related contract with a third company). I'm thinking of reducing the amount of work I will do in 2019 - probably trying to work 30% or something - but I want to look into prototyping a game during the year for learning purposes. Here are the ideas I've been thinking about: * **Open world survival game**; kind of like Rust, but with much more focus on PVE (player vs environment), and maybe even RPG. I played Rust a lot in 2013 (?), and I really liked the atmosphere it had; not only did you have to protect yourself from the other players, but the environment was also a big danger. Last time I tried to play it, a year or so ago, it had turned it nothing else than a fast-paced FPS like all the other, similar, games out there. * **4X grand space strategy**; similar to Stellaris (and related games), but not multiplayer (too big of a task). But not sure what there is to improve on, really. I liked the first versions of Stellaris, but I'm not sure I'm a big fan of the later updates. It's still an incredible game, though. * **2D-ish space ranger game**; I really liked Space Rangers, and it would be nice to build on top of that game and even make it multiplayer. But one thing I liked about Space Rangers was that it wasn't real-time; it was always possible to pause the game and go have a break. * **Strategical, economical simulation**; economical, sociodemographic (and lots of related topics) theories is something I studied back in the days, and it would be really cool to create a game where you take over one of the world's countries and run it with AI-backed other countries. Could also be made multiplayer, of course, but massive amounts of data/interactions involved, so not really sure. The big problem with this one is that I fear end up with a game that is too shallow, or a game that is too complex. Having AI ""ministers"" would probably a solution to micro managements problems, though. What are your thoughts? I'm doing this solo-ish, but I have pro game developers I can turn to, plus a few artists that can chip in in exchange for money and/or beer. :)",1550506447
asjoxb,Superhero Battle Royal,"I know, I know. Hear me out. I was recently playing Crackdown 3 and if I am being completely honest, I never played any of the past ones. But what I liked about it was the way you upgrade your character. You can focus on a certain task to level up and gain new abilities. While I was playing Crackdown 3, someone brought up something about Fortnite. I began to think about the Save The World mode that I am fairly sure is basically forgotten. I started to put the two games together in my head. What if there was a game that takes place in a single city where heroes and villains are constantly battling in a Battle Royal style? The game would work in two different modes, sort of like Fortnite. You have the Battle Royale mode, then the mode where you choose a back story, a main power type (telekinesis, speed, strength, electricity, etc.), and most importantly choose weather you're a hero or a villain. In this mode, you focus on building your own hero (villain) and will complete tasks in the city accordingly. The more missions you complete, the more variations you learn for your powers. If you are a character who is a hero, and your power is telekinesis, and you complete multiple missions like saving people from buildings, you learn how to hover. Basically stuff like that. The more you play this game mode, the better powers you will have in the Battle Royal mode. There could be two different versions of Battle Royal, Heroes V Villains, or free-for-all. The Heroes V Villains being like Fortnite's 50 V 50. One of the most important parts about this game would be customization. You should not have to pay to make your character look ""different"" than the other 100 players. You should be able to have a hero customization menu with different suits for your character. You can design an emblem, choose to have a cape or not, choose to have a mask or a helmet, choose the colors you want for everything. Possibly unlock other textures for suits, or other little add-ons in the ""Save The World"" mode? I know this all sounds super messy and poorly put together but that is because I am typing this minutes after the idea came to me and I dont want to overthink it.",1550635496
ar7q92,A mecha bullet hell in which you use each analog stick to control two flying mechs simultaneously.,"Like a cross between *Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons* and *Ikaruga*, one analog controls a ""light"" mech impervious to light attacks and the other controls a ""dark"" mech impervious to dark attacks. As such, you'll often position one ship to shield attacks for the other. One of the abilities you have is make your mechs swap position with each other through ""Entangling"": Bringing your mechs together and pulling them apart will make a faint beam of energy between the two. At the press of a button they will teleport to each other's place and release the entanglement. Any enemies that were caught in the middle will be obliterated. The gameplay would focus on controlling your mechs in tandem for bullet hell combat and light puzzle solving. For example, an dark energy wall/barrier could prevent your light mech from crossing. As the stage auto scrolls, this threatens to kill you. So you bring your dark mech back, entangle both mechs, cross over the dark barrier with the dark mech, then disentangle them to teleport your light mech through. All while in combat too. #### For decades, Earth has been defending itself against an enigmatic alien onslaught. You play as a pair of twins who were separated at birth, lived completely different lives, and were selected to pilot prototype mechs due to their high compatibility/affinity with the mechs. In order to save the Earth, they have to set aside their resentment toward each other to make a frontal assault on the aliens' home planet. Throughout the course of the game, the twins discover some dark secrets. Their prototype mechs were a decades long project using the light/dark quantum entanglement technology stolen from the aliens. Eventually they discover that not only were they part of this project from birth, but also that they were literally separated at birth to this end. They aren't twins, but rather one child split in two. It's a love letter to mecha anime like Macross and Evangelion and classic SHMUPs like Section-Z and R-Type. But also Ikagura and Brothers, of course.",1550313853
auuo9q,One eel against the world (or at least what's trying to destroy it),"You play as an eel with cybernetic arms and legs, and defend the earth from eldritch horrors, FPS style. The final level is escaping a restaurant kitchen and travelling into the ultimate void to kill azathoth, who is aided by the outer gods. Nyarlathotep is your man on the inside. It's like doom but with less blood and more comedy. Sue me.",1551153244
aui0x4,"An 80s-style single screen game on a planetary base, where your shots defend Solar Panels from aliens, and the solar panels give you the energy to shoot...","I thought of this one about 20 years ago. You have three guns on the base: lower right, middle, and left of the screen. It's kind of like missile command, but with much faster traveling shots, all three going at once, pew pew pew. Controls are simple; left and right move the three cursors. Button 1 shoots. Button 2 I'll explain in a bit. You have thirty solar panels, three rows of ten. &amp;#x200B; \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] \[sky\] ================================== ..........o...o...o...o...o...o...o...o...o...o............. .............o...o...o...o...o...o...o...o...o...o.......... .......**\^**..o...o...o...o...o.**\^**.o...o...o...o...o..**\^**....... &amp;#x200B; Alien ships come in from above and drop bombs, trying to hit the solar panels that power the base's defense system. You can shoot the alien bombs in addition to the ships. The more you shoot, though, the more it drains your energy bar on the side of the screen. If you are accurate with your shots, you can save your power easily. If your bar is depleted, you have to wait a second to fire. There is a brief night cycle between levels. No charging happens, but alien attacks also weaken (in early levels). Every night cycle, two random panels are repaired. Morning is the beginning of level 2 and so on. Each level is a little bit harder than the last. Night attacks very gradually get harder. The problem is obvious, right? The fewer panels you have, the slower you can charge, so the less you can defend the panels, and you spiral into death once you hit an untenable point. Because of that, what I thought of way back in the day is that broken panels themselves are the second line of defense. If you press button 2, something (admittedly stupid) happens. The broken panels chuck off broken glass upwards which destroys bombs above adjacent panels. So if a broken panel is next to a whole one it may be defended. This requires no energy, but it can't be done as often as shooting. Shooting has a very, very high possible rate of fire if you need it, but chunk-chucking is only about once a second. Also helpful is that aliens miss more, the fewer panels you have. You can hold on with one panel for a surprisingly long time if you're lucky, to eke out existence until night/morning repairs. If you lose all panels, shooting will eventually make you go BELOW regular depletion energy levels. This causes the force field defense of the guns to disappear (where the population is hiding btw), and it's a game over in seconds, day or night. Special-case perfect accuracy bombs will take all three guns out. Byoom! Other things I thought of as a kid were holding down the attack button for a powerful beam attack that would just wipe the sky if you pressed left/right, but its power drain was incredible. And if you had full panels already at night, two would not be repaired obviously, but rather two panels would be bolstered (different color) to take an extra hit. The idea was that eventually the game would become so hard no one could reasonably survive, but the early game preparation could let you hold out later on for a long time. I think there were bosses, too, but that got a little away from the simple 80s flavor, so I'm not sure if that kind of thing is necessary.",1551076211
ase1ek,Auction based competitive game,"The game would be 1v1. Purely strategical game, auction based. **Core concept** The core idea would be that each players starts the game with 1000$. There would be something like 10 different ""cards"" you fight for. Each cards are randomly generated, with very varied effects. All cards are face up, all information is known. The game gives both players 30-60 seconds to study the board and see which cards are better before the game starts. The game then selects a card at random, and both players have to choose how much they are willing to pay for the card. Whoever has choosen the highest amount, pays exactly that amount for his card. Then another card is chosen. Example: The game choose ""Axeman"", with 24 life and 2 damage. Player A secretly wants to pay 80$ for it, Player B choose 85$. Player B buys the card for 85$. **Game itself** What actually happens once both players have bought all of their card, would probably be some sort of automated fight. For example, the ""cards"" could all represent warriors, and then the fight actually happens once the buy phase is over. This part probably requires more thought, but isn't as important since its not the core gameplay. Note: I myself am a programmer, so if people think its a good idea, i could potentially try to do it, or assist someone with it. If people think its a bad idea, then i won't waste time lol",1550603127
avajgy,Overwatch + Bomberman?,"I had an idea for a game while I was doodling in school to cope with my social anxiety. Imagine a game, with the same play style as Bomberman (a bunch of players in an arena where they have to bomb their way to each other and blow each other up). But there's a twist. Every character you can play as has a different set of skills and weapons. I've already thought of a couple things for the game, such as a title (Boom! Legends) and a couple characters. &amp;#x200B; Dyno and Mite - A character with a bomb for a head with a pet spider like bomb creature. &amp;#x200B; K4T - A superhero like iron man, but in a futuristic cat suit, with longer ranged bomb shooting/throwing. &amp;#x200B; Lemme know what you think of the idea and tell me some of your ideas for characters to play as.",1551251310
atasxx,My R-rated game idea,"So a game like this would probably cause some controversy these days but I'll throw it out there anyway. Title: Psychopath Description: You are Mr. Perfect, you have just turned 30 and married to the love of your life. You live in the perfect house located in a picture perfect neighbourhood surrounded by great company. What more could you ask for? Mass genocide! So basically you play as Mr Perfect as he goes about his everyday life in an open world that allows free exploration over 3 massive locations (which can be expanded on with DLC) which consist of a sprawling city, quiet neighbourhood and farmlands. Mr Perfect is an absolute psychopath on the inside which he has kept hidden his whole life but he has now reached a point where he cannot contain his innermost desire of murder any longer and wants to go on a rampage, the thing is he is smarter then that and knows how to stay out of trouble. The game would take place over a day/night cycle with a meter that shows Mr Perfects sanity level. When sane Perfect is cunning and is able to lure his target/s into his trap but when on the verge of insanity he is extremely dangerous and can't control his actions. At the start of the game you would only need one kill per day to stay sane while the amount of kills increase per day, it basically follows the survival formula of how many days you can go without being caught and this is where the tricky part comes in, the city in which Mr Perfect lives is regarded as one of the safest and friendliest cities in the world with cops patrolling the city each day to make sure it stays this way and extremely nosy civilians that know everyone and everything about each other's lives so a simple blood stain on the jacket out in public can quickly escalate into a massive investigation with cops and detectives possibly keeping an eye on you and searching your house. Previously I stated that the game would be divided into 3 landscapes which are the city, neighbourhood and farmlands which all hold different gameplay aspects. The city is where the luring takes place, this is where Perfect meets his victims and takes them back to his house which is located in the neighbourhood for the perfect execution. Now while Perfect can kill in the city or wherever he likes, his preferred location is his own house as it is the safest route and has all his cleaning and disposal tools at his use. The farmlands are basically the location where Perfect dumps and hides all the bodies but he still has to be careful since there are tons of wildlife that could alert nearby farmers to something suspicious in the woods aka a body. So yeah, I could probably go on a lot longer about other little details I've thought up like ",1550795919
awomta,[META] Has anyone's game ideas ever been turned into games?,"An [idea](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/3us7b8/how_about_a_game_were_you_strangle_bats/) I had was turned into a [game](https://karma-art.itch.io/i-hate-bats) once, and I was curious to see if it has happened to anyone else.",1551574302
axetpx,"City builder, but you have to build something tight like Kowloon Walled City","And not in 2d. Fleshed out, 3d, AI from the residents. I just think it would be fun....",1551746834
awzum9,Survival against Cthulhu,"This would be a survival game where you fight against the madness induced by Cthulhu. Cthulhu wouldn’t be an enemy or an npc but it would be more of an aura, and if you enter this ever moving aura you will start to go insane; clouds will turn dark, your character will forget how to craft items etc. The objective would be to kill the minions of Cthulhu which would spawn like normal enemies, randomly at night. But as you kill more you will notice how the game gets harder and harder until you loose all hope in ever continuing. Then you are done. You finished yourself. You didn’t loose to the game but to yourself just like how we would all loose to Cthulhu ",1551654412
auaqv3,A JRPG set entirely in a mall,Protagonist: A 14 year old boy wandering around while his mom and sister shop for clothes Slightly inspired by Earthbound that’s all I got for now.,1551032498
aufzdc,"We have medieval fantasy, modern fantasy, and even futuristic fantasy, but...","There are very few early 18th-mid 19th century games with a medium-heavy fantasy presence. This kind of fantasy is what I am thinking: Fireballs flying alongside/against musket balls, cannonballs that split in 3 mid-flight, starforts gaurding precious artifacts, common line infantry fighting against mythical beasts, etc. And ofcourse no universe is complete without a deep and dark lore. I think this would work best large numbers (100s to 1000s) of entities (player or NPC) on a single battlefield. Imo this would be best as either a persistent MMO or a RTS.",1551062877
arf0lf,A 2D chibi platformer game based on Dante´s 9 levels of Hell.,"You play as a lost soul that died and went to Hell because you stole someone´s chocolate, a mortal sin worse than any crime in the eyes of God. You go to hell because of your actions and you must escape from there by traversing the 9 circles and defeating every boss. That consist of: 1: The Judger of Sins. 2: Asmodeus 3: Cerberus 4: Beelzebub 5: Mammon 6: Baphomet 7:Belphegor: 8: Lilith: 9: Lucifer\Satan Well, but we have to get that sweet E10 Rating, so every character would have to be chibi-like, including the demons and the lost souls. ** The Look of the Nine Circles** *Limbo*: A bunch of white floating rocks on the middle of an dark grey sky. Looks like you will jump your way trought here. An poor man´s Heaven. Boss: The Judger of Sins Lust: An purle and pink circle that contains the souls of these that couldn´t keep their mouth shut when they saw a woman. You will need to fight the Succubuses to get your way out of here. Boss: Asmodeus. Gluttony: A deep red mess of living flesh that eats the people that **ALWAYS** stole the last pizza slice. You will need to jump and try to NOT to become the food of this living circle. Boss: Beelzebub. Greed: A gold and green circle that contains the people that complained about buying a street hotdog that costs 1 dollar. You will need to make your way out of that place. Boss: Mammon.  Anger: A red and black swamp that containts the people that couldn´t not punch their monitors when Unreal Tournament didn´t load fast enought. Boss: Baphomet. Heresy: An orange and yellow lava pool. The people that didn´t believe that chocolate is better than pizza went here. There is a lot of fire in this circle so don´t fall in between the platformers to become cooked. In the end of the circle there is a deep lake that contains something... "" a bit big"". Boss:Leviathan. Violence: An blood-red and black place that contains the souls of the people and ""Friends"" that slapped you ""accidently"" when you were a kid. I will never forget that Jerry! Boss: Beplhegor Fraud: An deep black circles that contains the people that buyed you bootleg versions of the toys you wanted when you were a kid. Boss: Lilith. Treachery. An Blue and White giant freezer. This is it. It´s time to beat the Red Horned Guy and get your way out of there before you freeze. This is the official descriptions of the levels since the game is supposed to be E10 or E for Everyone. I always liked the idea of a kid friendly game set entirely in Hell. You were supposed not just to jump, but use demonic grappling hooks with a tongue and teeth and use dark swords to beat demons. It is for PC\Xbox One\ PS4\ and Nintendo switch. ",1550363253
aue3ce,RTS Risk,"Basically you are on the surface level of game play playing a normal RTS, think War/Starcraft however you can move to other zones/territories. At any time you can zoom out to the full territory map to get the bigger picture, and zoom in to micro manage the RTS town in each zone for resources and territory strength. Certain zones will only have certain resources, also just because you don't control a territory completely, does not mean you can't get resources from it, for example players could both be mining gold from the same territory, but it would just be a contested territory that no one controls. Along with this as well, to use resources in any specific territory, you would have to transport it there from the territory that creates it. Say you need wood to build something, and you have lumber camps in a territory/zone other than the one you need it in, you would then need to transport it to the territory that needs it with a unit. Along with this neutral zones have neutral NPCs whether it been small towns or situations. Situations where you could either take over the place for resources or work with them to send them to attack other players, maybe they are only willing to trade, or maybe its just wildlife like some wolves or something. The game would be similar to risk in you are trying to take over enough territories to receive the resources you need to attack the other players main castle, or take over all of their territories, or reach an objective first, what ever it is customized to be and it should be highly customizable whether it be starting conditions, unit skins, shape and creation of the maps etc etc. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;",1551050998
au4xgq,Survive the coaster game idea,"In this game (which could be vr compatible) you play as a passenger on a rollercoaster who is trying to stay in the car as it does flips, drops and dives. ",1550986939
ar5eea,The Silver Equus,"(First post here, please feel free to give criticism) ...................................................................................................... (1976. Somewhere within the rural fields and valleys of country-side Pennsylvania, lies one of the greatest, most elaborate, and most secretive hotel the world has ever known) The Hotel Silver Equus. Designed to be one of the most elaborate, and most high-class hotels ever seen, the hotel is built by the world-renowned, New Orleans born designer Jericho Louis. The hotel is designed to be his crowning achievement, an experiment in new architectural design, opulence, and beauty, as well as a milestone in hotels everywhere. Boasting everything from an art gallery, full-scale theater, five-class bar-with a 3 drink minimum!- as well as even a fully equipped spa, the hotel's true allure was its location. You see, the Silver Equus was built entirely underground. Built below a series of natural caverns and abandoned coal mines, the Silver Equus is built into the elaborate rock formations, caverns, and tunnels, combining the Art-Deco architecture into elaborate rock displays. Guests can admire the stalagmite spires hanging from the ceiling in the lobby, enjoy a drink beneath a spring waterfall, and even bathe in the steaming mineral spas underneath a crystal sky. For seven years, the hotel was only word of mouth, popular among only the ritziest classes and rumored to be a legend to those not in the know. Here, was a place to express one's self through art, music, design, and theater or find a new life to begin, far from the world outside. That, however, was long ago. One day, the Silver Equus just...well, vanished. The secret radio signal that lured guests to its doors went dead years ago, although rumors persist of a final bizarre broadcast declaring something called ""an emergency alert"" before going to static. As time went on, and technology persisted, and bigger and better things came, the Silver Equus eventually faded away into legend. Our story begins over 20 years later, in 1996. You, a man named Albert, awakens from a hazy coma, finding himself within an unfamiliar bed, in an unfamiliar place. All he knows is that he was looking for something, and a loud noise before everything went dark. As you, Albert, investigate your surroundings, you are notified by a mysterious speaker, who promises to help you escape wherever you are. After a bit of tutorial, Albert finds himself a guest in the long, long forgotten Silver Equus Hotel under mysterious circumstances. To escape, Albert must contend with the other residents of the underground resort- bizarre, warped, ghost-like horrors that haunt the forgotten halls, ranging from a plaster-cased artist seeking a new, fleshy canvas, to a mechanic whose body quite literally grows along the rusting, steaming machinery that runs behind the walls of the hotel. Albert also gathers pieces of the hotel's past, its mysterious downfall, and the answer to several questions. What happened the night of June 8th, 1976? What exactly was Jericho's last request? What lies underneath the hotel? And who or what is your mysterious friend that aids you through the halls. The Silver Equus: Check Into Luxury. ......................................................................................... Mechanics. ......................................................................................... As Albert journeys through the Silver Equus and its sprawling underground rooms and lobbies, he encounters the Forgotten, the remains of guests and live-in workers who have been twisted by the unknown event that ended the hotel's life. Ghostly, warped shells of their former selves, the Forgotten hunt and stalk the cold, beautiful halls of the resort. Their backstories can be pieced together through audio tapes, notes, and journals (see below). They are pretty tough cookies, able to wield crude, dangerous weapons, ranging from firearms, sculptures, and even in certain cases the vents and machinery around the hotel, spewing scalding steam from vents or mashing you to pieces with elevator cars. There are ways to kill them, don't worry. Albert can find, or in some cases, create weapons from the hunks of junk that lay around the hotel. Use Molotov from the Midnight Club bar's expansive liquor stock (tip: the older the vintage, the hotter it burns), find a pickaxe in a mining warehouse, or even come across the good ol' shotgun if you're smart enough. However, there are certain other ways you can ""put to rest"" the forgotten souls of the Equus- if you can find a way to bring their humanity back to them, maybe they'll go to sleep. This is a bit more time-consuming, but the rewards are, more or less, a bit more enticing- not that they are certain other exclusive rewards for being a bit of a violent nutcase, of course. Each area of the Silver Equus has its own flavor, its own risks, and its own surprises. Always be on your guard, always expect the unexpected. For example, the Silver Equus Spa is a 70's day spa built along an underground spring. The spa's clinics contains a helpful variety of health restorations and bonuses, such as taking some ""mineral-made medicine"" can provide a bonus to how fast you can swing a weapon and how fast you run. But, beware! The steam pipes that connected the saunas and bathes now leak a strange, toxic cloud from below in the mines, coating the once decadent spa in a misty haze of poison. Also, its a bit flammable, so just be a bit careful where you toss a Molotov or light a candle. You aren't immune to fire- neither is your enemy though. There are a few safe spaces in the Hotel though, although as you progress deeper into the story, you'll have to find one certain spot that is safe no matter what. Throughout your story at the Silver Equus, Al uncovers bits and pieces of the hotel's past, documented via journal entries, audio tapes, and notes. These key pieces can put together the story of the Equus's past, provide a bit of flavor as to some of the characters you'll fight, or give hints to special surprises to unlock, as shown below. .................................................. Audio Tape: Charlie Hollins - Pipe Works Followup ""Hey, Annie, you ever get any confirmation on them requests I sent? I've been asking Jerry for 2 weeks about getting new parts for the pumps, and all I ever get is ""We're working on it, Charlie. We got to manage money"" Bullshit! We got enough water comin' from the lakes down in the mine, and if the pumps keep working over time, we're gonna have to move the lobby to keep the river from floodin' it. Besides, if we need ta' manage money, why the hell does Jerry's office seem to be a bit bigger from last I saw? Anyway, sorry for ranting at ya, Annie. You listen at least. P.S. Robert and I will be over to the party at 6. My brother's bringing his chili!"" Journal Entry: Guest Book, Personal Complaint by Floor Manager Jimmy DeVale. ""10:30 PM, Friday: Dealt with Noise from Room 531. Andrew LeBlanc found half-drunk banging on door to his bathroom closet. Said it was locked. Pushed instead of Pulled. 11:15 PM. Friday: Room 530 called about swearing and shouting from 531. Went and found Leblanc's sister Annette in an argument with a Bellhop. Sam Pontz about room service. Annette drunk, half-dressed, ordered the Chef's Special and demands it be taken back because ""it's got mushrooms on it"". Sent Pontz to take a breather, had to get Annette a new meal, this time without mushrooms- and a bottle of prime vintage at Jericho's request. ""12:30 AM. Saturday: Andrew came down to front desk. Thought he'd apologize for his behavior, but dumbass wanted to tell me that I ""scuffed his velvet smoking robe when I came in earlier"". Gave it to me to wash, like I'm the fucking maid. If you get this, Liza, why don't you go run it through the runoff? I could give half a rat's ass if he's Jericho's ""VIP"", let's see how that Cajun likes smellin' like sewer"". Note: Jennifer Stalling: To Bernard Rollins ""Hey Bernard! Hope you're feeling better, what with that cold and all. We all missed your organ playing the past week, I can't even get the time right without hearing you play out around noon. Lucy made her good chicken soup for you, and Carl got ya some Merle Haggard vinyls last time he went up to Philly. And even Harry Hardass mentioned that he'll swing by and fix up the organ, because I think he likes hearing you play the blues. I even put in a couple other goodies for you, something to keep you busy in bed. We'll come up later to your room and see how you're doing, if you don't mind us swinging by. Hope ya feel better soon, big guy. From me, and the whole staff"" ............................................................................................................................ (I can give more info if you want me to) &amp;#x200B;",1550292228
au4x3c,Escape from a human research facility / zoo / farm rpg/fps,"You live your whole life in a cage. It's just that you were not aware of it. ( I'm thinking maybe something like a school, orphanage, survival shelter , a fortress city, something like that. For a believable reason, like a plague, but of course it would be fake), One day you find out. The year, technology, etc.. is modern (2019). It's only that the reality is it has been several hundreds of years since then in reality. Are you even on earth ? Backstory (The leading scientists and brightest minds were all so optimistic( and greedy) , everyone was very positive and accepting about it when they finally reached out via long range transmissions. ( lasers, radio waves, whatever) . They actually finally received a reply) ... fast forward - Use your abilities ,decide who to tell , choose a plan for your escape, (or alternatively, be rescued by a group of liberators and then taken in by them) Break out.. and depending on what you want the scope of the game to be , try to survive in the wilderness of a strange planet or just an overgrown earth ,( build a shelter /base, liberate other human farms ? grow your forces ? attack alien bases ? ) orr ( Be taken back to the base camp of the people who saved you. Join there forces, take on missions from them to rescue other people or secure resources, etc)",1550986867
ax97rl,"A zombie game with physics-based player movement, focused on the deadly close quarter struggle when they try to pin you down.","This idea came from those mostly non-interactive cinematics in Resident Evil 2 Remake in which a zombie grabs you. It's only under certain conditions you can fight the zombie off, and even then it's only done through a QTE. ""Wouldn't it be cool if that event was fully playable and completely dynamic?"" To pull this off, this zombie game would need physics-based player movement. Examples of this type of dynamic player movement include Human Fall Flat, Gang Beasts, Grow Home, I Am Bread, Octodad, Surgeon Simulator and even QWOP. They trade in the broad player commands of normal games for more granular control of your character's body parts. In this zombie game, you full control of your character's arms and hands. When a zombie gets close enough to try to grab and bite you, you have to manually use your hands/arms in such a way to shove them off without them biting you. You might try to bat its arms away and then shove past him, or if it grabs you, you might be forced to wrestle yourself away—like the ghosts in Luigi's Mansion—all while using your hands to keep the zombie's chomper at a distance. To take full advantage of this dynamic physics system, the game would let you pick up anything in the environment to defend yourself. You can pick up a chair, for example. It's all still physics-based so if you manage to hold the chair in just the right way, you can pin a zombie between the legs of the chair for even better leverage. Every object still has weight, so the chair can tire your arms out quicker or slow your run speed compared to holding a broom. If you hold a ladder sideways, you might be able to keep a wall of zombies at bay, but their combined force will certainly push you back instead. However, if they pushed you back through a doorway like this, then the zombies will jam up the doorway themselves as they unwittingly press the ladder up against the doorway. This type of dynamic physics-based interactivity really opens up a lot of gameplay possibilities.",1551717992
axfmeq,An Xcom-style SCP game.,"This was just a random thought, but I think you could make one hell of a game from this idea. Say you've got to manage your facility, secure, protect and contain. As well as send out a squad to collect new unidentified anomalies. Each anomaly giving different challenges and more. Maybe with new anomalies, you had to find new ways to contain them by designing your own containment facilities and therefore having to expand your facility. Say one of your containments fail, then you have to fight to regain control etc. I was thinking this could look exactly like X-com enemy unknown and would actually be a really entertaining game to play too. It's also well within the realm of possibility. Ngl if done right, this game would be awesome. ",1551751501
as6jg3,RPG with more realistic economics/finance,"So the RPG starts off like any RPG: You have a character living on his little farm, with nothing more than his or her dusty tunic, rusty butter knife, and pot lid shield. Except if you try to go out into the wilderness to smack around slimes, they'll kill you. Because those aren't real weapons or armor. And even if you did, they wouldn't drop any coins or equipment. Because they're slimes. Instead, you have to get your weapons and armor like you would in the real world, you go to a shop and buy them. Except, being a dirt poor farmer, you don't have enough coins. So, much as any enterprising entrepreneur would do, you have to go to your local lending establishment, and take out a loan. Initially you wouldn't be able to take out much, as the little farm is not a lot of collateral. However, even early on, and as the game progresses, you have to balance the amount of coin you want right now, with your ability to pay back your principle plus interest. And if you default? Well, being a typical RPG world, the lenders' methods of repo are, medieval. Balancing this out would be a system of reputation, wherein you have to weight your ability to pay back you loan, with your reputation. You could, say, defeat the monster that's been terrorizing a small village. You'd get a pittance from them, and the monster's assorted bits wouldn't fetch much, but your reputation will be boosted significantly. Alternatively, you could just ride into a small, defenseless village with your shiny armor and shake them down for their merger savings. You'll pay off that loan quicker, but but your reputation will sour and, again being a medieval world, riches can't overcome a truly rotten reputation, and the king may decide to take you out as a menace to society. Speaking of such things, you can take jobs from the king, but that too comes with risks. If the king sparks a revolt from the peasants or the other lords, you'll get sent to the guillotine along with him. Or, if those jobs involve actions against neighboring kingdoms, they'll put a bounty on your head. Given the nature of the setup, I would see this game not having a singular, narrative conclusion, no princess to rescue and then live happily ever after. Rather, more of a scenario/goal kind of setup a la SimCity or Civ, where you can determine a particular outcome you're striving for at the outset, and success is determined upon hitting that outcome. I would say this would be an experienced-level kind of project, as the programmers would need to be sharp in order to make all these systems play nice with each other, but not necessarily a AAA-level team as this could just as easily work within a 16-bit throwback style as it would a modern bleeding-edge graphic performance RPG.",1550551543
awkchr,Village/Town/Kingdom Management Game - Does this exist?,"More of a request than an idea, although I guess it's an idea if it doesn't already exist... I'm looking for a game where I could realistically simulate running a kingdom. Not total war style with constant battles and marching but more like managing the growth of a town and deciding what gets built and where. I like the idea of slowly expanding my town until I have my own fiefdom, perhaps I'd build my own castle and train guards to keep the peace. Maybe theres a system for choosing my household staff, etc. I'd love to be able to sit in my hall and have my villagers come to me with problems and have to make decisions that would influence how loyal and happy my subjects were. Perhaps a combat system to direct battles to defend the realm, or defense from raiders. The closest thing I can think of is Mount N Blade, but that's too combat centric and less political then I'd like. Does this game exist? If not, could someone make it for me plz, fancy playing it this weekend.",1551549535
awoo75,Procedurally Generated Racer Royale,"TL;DR- 50 people race on foot through procedurally generated labyrinths, they must race through 10 increasingly complicated levels, the first person to cross the finish line wins. The camera can be third or first person, and your player character moves much like you did in the game Mirror’s Edge. You can run, jump, slide, wall-run, climb, and you even have some very basic attacks to be used to throw your opponents off balance or to even eliminate them by pushing them into a deadly trap. Motion should feel fluid, you can simply tap the jump button and you’ll vault over an obstacle, but if you run and jump, holding the input, you’ll jump much farther and higher. By timing and selecting the proper duration of button presses you should be able to feel like you’re playing old school Assassin’s Creed, with your character moving over obstacles like water over rocks. Levels function like tile sets. Level 1 is just a single tile, but it can be any one of the assortment of tiles, level 2 adds one more tile, and it continues on like this until they reach level 10. The trick is designing tiles that function like Legos. Coming up with an art style that allows you to mesh all these tiles together would be paramount. In my head I’m thinking like a Pseudo-Natural environment, where it all looks like a normal forest, but it’s clearly all part of massive artificial construct. Maybe it’s Virtual Reality, maybe it’s an Alien Game Show, it doesn’t really matter. Tile Example: Level 1 is very basic because it consists of only a single tile, it’ll have one or two deadly obstacles, but it’s mostly just about finding your way to the exit first. Level 2 steps things up by adding another tile, adding at least one more deadly trap to the labyrinth. Level 2 also introduces power ups. With each level more and more traps, as well as power ups start to appear. Power Ups: Boost- gives you a quick burst of speed, allowing you to jump, wallrun, and slide farther. Hover- for a short period if you hold the jump button while in the air you hover and gently float down to the ground. Armor- gain a layer of protection that prevents other players from knocking you off balance, as well allowing you to survive some traps. Homing Tag- feel like another player knows something you don’t? Shoot them with the homing tag, their outline will become visible and you can follow them. Invisibility- Don’t want anyone to follow your trail? Turn invisible for a little bit, this also cancels anyone’s homing tag. Grapple- a rope and hook that allows you to climb, swing, and jump, it’s a single use item and remains intact, so you’ll also be helping out anyone behind you. Double Jump- allows you to use a double jump for 10s. Exit Flare- a very rare pick up that causes a flare to shoot up from the Exit gate, signaling to you, and everyone else, exactly where the exit is. I just felt like coming up with a Royale game that doesn’t follow the exact same formula as all the others. Plus I miss Mad Dash and have yet to see any other games where you race on foot. ",1551574551
au5b60,"Internet Parody RPG. The 3 classes would be Virgin Wizard(Mage) Social Justice Warrior(Bruiser/Fighter), Neckbeard(""I also study the blade arts""; assassin)",Title,1550989970
avmmsk,Does this game concept exist?,"The game is an online multiplayer game where players create dungeons (mazes where you fight monsters and get gold an weapons) and have other people play them. If they die in the dungeon, the person who made the dungeon gets 100 gold. If the person playing makes it through, they get 100 gold. This gold can be used to buy weapons. To afford certain traits of the dungeons you make, such as new loot, more monsters, etc; you go on quests or play other people's dungeons to get diamonds or gold to get features and weapons. The weapons can also be used to fight in other people's dungeons. Does this exist? If so, how do I tweak it?",1551326570
asvqwo,MMO based on a war between Heaven and Hell.,"You can choose to play two sides, Angels, or Demons. You can play as numerous types of demons and angels; Ophanim, Seraphim, Succubbus, Imp, Poltreigeist, etc. You will work to either Satan or God as you fight for the glory of the Seven Heavens or the depravity of The Kingdom of Hell.",1550706684
auvq2w,I will make your ideas real games!,Comment your idea and I will make it a real game and post link/bitly (takes up to 18 months),1551159751
awhw6p,Shoot-em-up sci-fi theme/story?,"I'm working on a simple oldschool vertical scrolling shoot-em-up and could do with some ideas for a theme and storyline. I'm not a great artist, but I can probably manage some sci-fi stuff. It'd be nice with a bit more plot than just shooting waves of invading alien fighters..",1551534282
awcjnz,Any Metroidvania/Roguelike game ideas?,"I'm a small game dev looking for game ideas that fall in the metroidvania and/or roguelike genre. I love the art of minimalist art styles and story telling, ie. hollow knight, deadcells, journey, celeste, etc. Comment any ideas and I will be sure to credit anyone who I pull ideas from.",1551491881
atmgdb,GrandStrategy/FirstPerson/RPG/Multiplayer,"I know a game like this would be hard to both develop and implement but it would be freaking awesome and it would sustain itself because the players themselves create the content/story that drives it forward kinda like Eve does. So here goes the premise. 1. World is Constructed and Controlled through Grand Strategy similar to a game like Stellaris initially only by either developers and or the AI. 2. Players begin as plebs, either as a soldier in a FPS format, or a controller of the development of a small town or such on an available planet. In addition another option for the FPS format might be a commander role with them controlling armies from top down. 3. Players choose What Faction they Start off as. This gives them species bonuses or penalties as well as tech levels and whatever else lies with that faction. Factions can die and splinter. After which players formerly inside that faction must migrate to other factions as like a last of their species thing. This would make the world more interesting as both factions and species turnover in the game. 4. Players Develop and grow their characters and as they do they increase in either combat capabilities or management capabilities with Combat based characters ultimately becoming super combatants and the Management based characters ultimately gaining control over key aspects of the faction that the AI/developers held at the beginning, such as City/Planet/Empire/Army management. 5. Timeline- I think it should probably take on average like two months to develop a planet to its semi-full capacity in the game. Mega structures like 6-months depending on structure in question. Towns about 2 weeks, and cities 4 weeks. But timeline is negotiable. 6. Players should be able to jump in whenever. Choose a class, faction, and race and then jump right into combat if that is what you want. If your faction is not currently engage in a major combat there could be options to fight in minor faction battles. 7. Minor factions, AI/Developer controlled only. These factions exist to provide constant content to players when no in game content is naturally happening, but they could also be providing it for other reasons. Factions such as Pirates, Super advanced species, Void incursions and other such things. They could also be used to shake the universe up to make things interesting. My Perceived Pro's \- This game could play as RPG/Grand Strategy/First Person Shooter game as desired. \- As the game hits the road content generates itself. Factions rise, Cities grow, Planets grow, Megastructures are built all of which the players can view and see in person. It doesn't even require the players to take the role that the AI is doing (the grand strategy part).Although I imagine they will, and that the most successful factions will definitely have real people at the head depending on Factions inherent strengths. On another not all of those also fall as they get destroyed by competing factions, crazy minor factions, and other random events. This provides turnover, lore, and creates species with no real home. My Perceived Con's \-Hard as hell to make You need systems from almost every genre of game \- MMO upkeep includes server cost, content balancing, addressing glitches and such. \-Size- for a game like this to work it needs to be massive. &amp;#x200B; I can imagine how daunting of a task it would be to create this game, but at the same time it would be pretty unique, and it should appeal to a wide range of people. &amp;#x200B; I am going to try updating this post- with improvements as they come to me post any suggestions/concerns in the comments and I will update this concept draft with them. Hopefully some video game maker sees this post and implements some ideas from it. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;  ",1550867629
au6z1t,An runner game where you play as delivery man in a cyberpunk city.,"**Gameplay** The game is divided into three modes:Story Mode( where you play a mostly linear story about a delivery man who accidently got mixed up in a mysterious plot involving the ruthless Yakuza, corrupt cops and power hungry megacorporations),Adventure Mode(which is same as the story mode, but you have the ability to gain extra money and repution inbetween story missions by doing random freelance delivery missions for random people , the story is more non linear and the difficulty is much higher), and Arcade Mode(endless runner mode, which can only be unlocked by completing the Story Mode or Adventure Mode).",1551006060
asfmzf,DnD based platform fighter,"It combines my 2 favorite things dungeons and dragons, and platform fighters (i.e. super smash) i mean i have to much free time and have 16 character ideas (race/class) and 3 of them have moves ideas wrote out. Also added a gimmick for each character rather it be how rage works or sneak attack or metamagic.",1550611582
au59g1,VR Ouiji Board Multiplayer game with others playing and watching via phone,"Your friends interact with the players via the app on there phones. Sending messages to the players , choosing what comes to scare them and when, making candles flicker or choosing objects to appear etc. ",1550989570
asvk7t,Murder Mystery Train Game,"Game idea Name: (TBD) I was thinking it could be VR or desktop. Location: Train Central Idea: you and (TBD) amount of players are on a train. Randomly, one of you is assigned the role of the murderer. You must successfully kill all of your targets to win the game. For everyone else to win the game they must all successfully survive to the end of the train ride. The killer will have access to the whole train. Everyone else will have to do different tasks through out the day. If the killer gets caught then it up to everyone else to kill them. They may do it by any means necessary but if they kill the wrong person twice then they all loose the game. The killer will use anything at their disposal to take out nearly everyone. You can find weapons and clues (clues will be difficult to find but I was thinking of a system that I can explain through msg) This is my first ever idea so I suspect to get criticized for it but any suggestions would be great as well.",1550705717
avdpep,"i have some game ideas for my first game, would you like to take a look and give me some opinion?","So i'm trying to make my first game, a simple one, not so fancy. Here are some of the idea. It's basically a platformer game. Using godot engine, since it's the only game engine that my PC can support. :( * A pac man and mario mashup. Similar to pacman except its a platformer. But it is an endless game since the beans respawn. Player has to get as much point as possible. * Player has to find a specific item in a map, but the floor is lava. As time goes, the lava level increases. And player also have to avoid enemies. * Same as the first one, but with some battle royale elements and not a platformer. Player spawns in a pacman maze and loot the items in the maze and survive as long as possible. items has durability so player have to use them wisely, Enemies can be killed but they respawns, just like the pac man ghost. No blue zone in this ""battle royale"" &amp;#x200B; I actually prefer the second idea, since it is much easier to make. But I would like to hear your opinion on the other two. Any comments and suggestion is appreciated. Thank you.",1551275551
auazfi,A game taking place in the world of mistborn would have serious potential. The alamantic powers that are set up would fit really well with a well made game.,,1551033767
ar5leq,Destiny but fantasy,"Imagine the destiny games but made into medieval fantasy games. Just shields, swords, magic, bows etc. Could add any mythological creatures to it and the pvp would be interesting. Obviously it would have different stories character etc but the style would be the same",1550293749
at4e3z,Parkour sports game,"A game where you do parkour on Buildings, rocks, pillars (depending on the map) and your goal is to run a ball to the other teams zone. You have to not fall and the other team can push you. You'd get buffs like double jumps or a stronger push depensing on your loadout. One person from a team of 5 is randomly selected to run the ball, but they can give it to someone else. The enemy team can steal it. There could be custom games with modifiers like moving platforms, heavier or lighter gravity, one hit pushes etc",1550762927
avfwup,Staple enemy bodies on yourself.,"I've always had this idea after watching John Carpenter's The Thing. Once an enemy is incapacitated, you glue their ragdoll bodies to yourself wherever you choose. Thus you now use your new amalgamated abomination to move around. You therefore need to think about absorbing, discarding or molding bodies creatively to solve puzzles or defeat enemies. :) &amp;#x200B; I think it would lend itself to some grotesque, imaginative designs . Tell me your thoughts on this!",1551288226
asmuox,Cursed possession.,"So, your a spirit that has the power to possess someone, anyone, you can do as you wish, but, you have to live their whole life for them or commit suicide. *But* you cant just stand in front of a car and boom. It has to be for a valid reason like, for example, your an alcoholic that likes to play Russian roulette, valid reason for suicide, someone going through severe depression, valid reason for suicide. You have the choice to make it start in a city, small town, or basically a metropolis. Before possessing someone you get to see some info about them, quirks, height, weight, ect. There's also a skill tree that can unlock stuff like courage, unlocks mugging and robbery, poor mental health, unlocks depression or some other mental disease, extremely poor mental health, unlocks insanity or some other severe mental disease. To get a skill point you kill someone.",1550658898
aromhm,A more realistic and darker parody/interpretation of the Pokemon universe.,"# Concept: Think of the Pokemon world. Now think of a more realistic and scary version of it. That's the feel I'm going for with this. You play as 2 new friends, a Human and a ""Beast,"" (That is what the humans refer to them as.) on a quest to stop the fighting from these 2 people groups. You encounter many other Beasts, which can join your party. # Intro Story: In this world there are deadly beasts. So terrifying, Humans have put up barriers from them, both psychically and emotionally. However, a boy named Jared has a fascination with these deadly creatures. One night, he has an opportunity to show this. He is out on guard duty, when a strange occurrence happens. A lone beast walks up to the walls. It is a Silvixen, known for being extra cunning and having an interesting cry, but this one looks dirty and malnourished. He takes pity on the creature and leaves his post to check on it. They bond overnight, and it opens up to him. Jared starts talking to her, and she responds? However the creature says that it is normal for her race to speak in many different ways. Jared decides to, when the morning comes, smuggle her to his home. This works, and he learns alot or new and interesting things about these races. Humans have been capturing and brainwashing Beasts with a mysterious new device, and they are retaliating on the entire Human race. The 2 venture off to find answers to many of their questions. # Gameplay: The game is a turn-based RPG with many recruitable party members. You start out with Jared and Silvixen, but you can get alot more, oh, and Jared is actually a party member with a huge selection of exclusive items! Each beast has an upgraded form that is basically like a Pokemon Evolution. &amp;#x200B; I need a good title for this, help me out!",1550435071
axj0c3,Magic Game Idea,"I know that I posted something similar 3 months ago but I just cannot shake this idea. Basically, this would be a magic game focused on preparing for adventures, researching the arcane, building a base (so you can research and prepare), and exploring trippy magical realms. Basically, this is a proper game about being a mage who becomes powerful through rituals, research, exploration, and crafting. All the magic games out there I can find are essentially FPSs. A common theme is for most/all items to have many uses and consistent properties that can transfer to most/all crafting aspects of the game. A good start to the game that illustrates what I have in mind is starting as an apprentice in a castle. You have to do a few things (which are foundations of the game) like brewing potions, enchanting weapons, summoning golems and casting a protection ritual on the castle. An enemy mage destroys everything and you vow to defeat them. I'm envisioning this as a 2D game who's gameplay is closest to a simpler Thaumcraft with the combat of Wizard of Legend. Of course I can't find anything even close to what I'm thinking so these are rough approximations. As for a few features, these are just a few ideas I've had: -Minecraft like potion system except is organized a bit differently. The base would determine the effect (like a snake would be poison), then a reagent would determine the context of the effect (resistance potion, blade oil, thrown potion, TW3 black-blood like potion, etc). Then perhaps a certain process you do (like heating vs stirring vs freezing) would change how it works (like (h)dot, armor piercing, burst damage/healing, etc) -Smithing where you can create wands/staffs and robes from different materials (which line up with potion effects). An example would be a snakeskin robe for poison. Enchanting could make the robe either amplify your poison damage, resist incoming poison damage, or something else. Wands are the same concept. You could make a snake tail wand that affects poison damage/duration. -Enchanting where you can apply extra effects to your robes and wands. This is where you decide whether an effect is used offensively or defensively, along with how it's used that way. It could also be something simple like making a sword into a fire sword, or ordinary armor having a special effect. -rune crafting. I was thinking of being able to equip multiple runes that cast certain spells passively. Examples could be wards against certain damage types, a continuous damaging field, one that passively summons minions to help, amplifies damage to something, etc. It would be cool to craft these runes based on certain rituals that require certain amounts of items. To run with the snake theme, maybe a ritual sacrificing 20 captured snakes you find let's you craft a poison cleansing rune that will clear poison effects from you quickly. Maybe there are tiers ranging from mild resistance/ damage boost to immunity/ crazy damage. -Voodoo magic that let's you weaken a certain enemy type temporarily through a ritual. It can also be used to buff allied minions in certain ways temporarily. These are just some examples to show what I have in mind. The gameplay loop is research at base--&gt;prepare for adventure--&gt; explore surreal places like The Abyss, the Underworld, Valhalla, etc--&gt; use new items to discover powerful new spells and items. The game is meant to be a slow sandbox/adventure game that makes you feel like you have earned all these cool magical spells and artifacts as opposed to making you just a fire ball throwing dude. None of these are concrete must-haves but I think they capture my idea well. What are everyone's thoughts?",1551775824
asudat,“Superhero” parkour game with no combat,"I enjoy games with interesting mobility. Titanfall, Tribes, Spider-Man, etc... My idea, a 3d multiplayer co-op and competitive game where players navigate a city using various mobility options to build and maintain momentum. Players earn fame as a hero by preventing disasters, rescuing citizens in danger, or even simply helping out around the city. Fame is tallied based on the number of objectives completed, the difficulty of each objective, and a combo multiplier is added for completing multiple objectives quickly.",1550699791
arnp2e,A LITERAL hack and slash,"So, there's this idea I've been having for a while. It should be for the Switch or even the Vita, because I feel like the idea is meant for those systems.  One player has half on the screen and plays as Hack, a hacker who's brother was sucked into a Zelda 2 like video game. You can hack the game to give your brother, Slash temporary stat boosts or give him items when he runs out. The other player is Slash. Who plays like Link from the 2nd LoZ game. ""A"" jumps, ""B"" attacks, ""X"" uses magic, and ""Y"" brings up Slash's item menu. You venture throughout a fantasy world and the final boss is a dragon, of course. You share the Switch (in handheld mode) or the PSvita with a friend. One uses the left and the other uses the right. Hack uses the touchscreen and Slash uses the analog stick and buttons. If the Switch is in docked mode however, it'll be a sideways split screen instead of a vertical split screen.",1550430001
asfn08,By Fire be Purged, In this game will be a top down shooter similar to Hotline Miami where the player is armed with only a flame thrower. Instead of gangsters the enemy in this game will be an extra terrestrial fungus that turns humans and animals into zombie like monsters. The main goal is to prevent the spread of the fungus by incinerating its spore clusters before they mature. Infected humans and animals will attack the player in an attempt to protect the spore clusters. The flame thrower will be the player's main tool for interacting with the world. It will spit out flame particles which will flow around obstacles and stick to things that are not already burning. Flame particles will also obscure line of sight for enemy AI and ignite objects in the game world. Objects that are on fire will also generate flame more particles as well as degrade structurally. It will be possible to create an inferno that can consume large parts of a level by setting just a small part of it on fire. Every mission has a timer until the spore clusters release. The player must use flames as both a distraction and a weapon to incinerate the spore clusters before time runs out.,1550611585
avtus6,"RAIDSWPR, minesweeper meets base building and raiding.","basically, the world takes place in this endless grid that you build a base on. To do this you put down turrets, walls and most importantly bombs to protect your loot and population with. Then you raid other bases by drawing movement patterns and flags on the grid for your army to follow and avoid, but you have to be smart. so sacrificing pawns is necessary. raiding a base and destroying their core gives you the ability to build where their base was, but you could also just be stealthy and only loot their chests, which they would fill up with weapons for troops, bomb detectors and materials. TL;DR: you build a base on an endless grid, and raid other bases using minesweeper mechanics",1551375718
asl853,Battlefield Style Grand Scale PVE,"Think Battlefield's conquest mode with combined arms combat as a basic structure. 64 players on a team but there is no other team. Instead it's 64 players trying to take a large map within an objective time and with limited ""tickets"". Objective capture points will often require that the team will have to divide and conquer. Often certain points can't be captured alone and will require another segment of the team to hold another location of the map. All throughout, enemies will frequently spawn in hordes and assault the playerbase (not unlike L4D's AI director). Some capture points require a boss character to be defeated. Some bosses can't be defeated while other territories aren't held which will constant be assaulted by spawning enemies. Holding territories will of course mean more spawn point options, vehicles, and other tactical resources. Once the timer is up, a ""grand"" boss not unlike kaiju scale will arrive still supported by legions of enemies. It will be inevitable that his arrival will mean the players will start losing territory again. Players will have to use what they have acquired through the initial conquest to take it down. If it reaches the player's initial (main) spawn base, then the players lose.",1550645867
awrt89,Action without generic attacks.,"Let's say it is isometric roguelite. You have to choose a class with a set of it's own active skills and then start wiping dungeon from floor to floor as always... But you don't have just simple punches or shots, only cool-looking ass-kicking snake-eating class skills. Imagine throwing a stun grenade at bunch of enemies, then creating a blackhole in the center of room and spawning a giant donkey statue on the top of that. May be really hard to balance all that but here are my thoughts about some moments: •There still may be some relatively simple fast-reloading attacks, but they are getting weaker if overused, so player must keep them for that moment when this is necessary. •There is problem of just standing and waiting for the end of cooldown. It can be fixed by slightly reducing time of ones each time any of remaining skills is used efficiently, thus encouraging aggressive but considered behavior. •There is what to choose even in general focus:  1)All keyboard is binded and catch is to remember what is what and where it is.  2)Fewer skills and fixed short cooldowns, but each enemy is vulnerable only to specific combination, maybe even in specific order.  3)Ok amount of skills, ok time of cooldowns but PC has absurdly small amount of HP, so you can even call the game Glass Rocket Launcher, lol. ... That's all for now, thanks for reading. If anything, including grammar, is fucked up somewhere, pls let me know.",1551598230
asquzz,Assymetric Fight game,"Let me try to explain my idea. * Arena game, with MMR based match making. * 2v1 fights. The system will try to match 1 strong players with 2 much weaker players. ""strong"" includes both more skilled people and stronger builds. * Everytime you win a fight, you gain gold which you can spend on improving your character. A lot of different things could be improved. Weapons, helmets, shields, vitality, strength, etc. At any times, players can reset their gear and try totally different builds. Many different weapons available. * Fight system similar to chivalry. Medieval setting. Sword fights, etc. Fight probably happen in a gladiator arena. Think of Spartacus + Crixus vs Theokoles. * Even thought there is no real limit to improving your character, there is serious diminishing returns over time. For example, initial gold could be 100 gold, and a win gives 10 gold. So initially, a win means a 10% improvement. But once your warrior is worth 1000 gold, a 10 gold win has much smaller effects. * Possibility of choosing a preference (Being alone vs 2, or in team with someone vs 1). But no guarentee. For example, if a top players tries to queue for 2v1, it might force said player to do 1v2 instead. * Possibility of talking on mic with your partner.",1550682851
at3ovm,a let's play simulator where you can actually play the games you record,"i know that there's a game like this called ""uTuber's Life: Gaming"", but i want to actually play the games i record. ok, so imagine a game where you're a let's player. you can customize your looks, channel icon, and thumbnails. you earn subscribers and views based on certain factors: video length (how long you played the game), trends (how popular the game is), and skill (how well you played.) you can record you voice so when something happens, your character will say the line, like when you land a successful hit on an extremely hard boss or when you beat the game. it's not just about games though, you're still human and you have to keep yourself from getting hungry and getting too tired to make videos. you can buy games off the internet, upgrade your recording equipment, use emulation (which can get you i trouble if you use it too much), get capture cards for your consoles, watch other people's videos that they submitted to the game's version of youtube, edit your videos (it's simplified so you don't have to actually waste time), buy a facecam, or even customize your recording station. i'm sorry if this was a big old mess of text, i just really like this idea. (concept sketches might be added in the replies, but i kinda draw like a kid.)",1550758952
avn1w0,"Here’s my idea for a game called DreamNest. I know this isn’t a video game, but it’s an idea for a story in dungeons and dragons, so hear me out. Also I would like to mention this is a long one, so take your time.","You and some buddies are traveling around the town and look for an inn. The next day after you rest you hear that an old temple needs cleaning, and why not, you need the money. You go over there to clean. after cleaning the rest of the temple, you come across the Statue of the Specter, one of the gods. As soon as it’s touched you end up in this giant cave, and pop in there like you woke up from a giant dream, with you’re life being the dream The religion the temple follows is called DreamCatching, and is the laughing stock of religions. The religion states that the world was created by many gods with all of them containing insane amounts of Dream. Every living thing has Dream, but the more you have, the stronger you are. I know I know, very original. Anyways you wake up in this cave You see a town across the river and head over there. As soon as you reach out to something that you realize you have a tattoo of a dream catcher on you’re arm. Now see the prophecy states that 7 hero’s of pure will break the cave and save DreamNest. 6 players and 1 NPC. The people of DreamNest have been kept in the town for ages and don’t even remember how they all got trapped, but they’ve tried and can’t break the cave walls The real reason they are trapped, and this is a spoiler, is because Specter fought many gods, took their soul and trapped them in this world they don’t remember. Hint, hint, who the final boss is. The towns people have no dream inside of them, except for one person who is the 7th hero, who has dream inside of them by accident The adventure is you traveling in between worlds of reality and dream, while you have to price together what happened in the real world, and get to the end in the spirit. Hopefully you have good feed back and I want to make this story of mine as good as possible ;) ",1551329524
avi4wj,A horror game where you play as a disabled man/woman who has mental issues and hallucinate monsters etc.,,1551300032
arhbr7,Bass Blaster,"I always wanted to make a game called Bass Blaster, where you choose one of three characters: Flea (Red Hot Chili Peppers) Geddy Lee (RUSH) or Cliff Burton (Metallica) all of whom have their own basses as their weapons. The Bass shoots a laser out of the head, and it’s played as an 8 bit side scroller, and you kill enemy band members while picking up notes to charge your special moves. The bosses would also be bassists from other bands, and you would also have 8 bit covers playing in the background, and those would be different for each character. It looks so cool in my head but I lack skill and motivation to do it.",1550379562
aw7u48,Tactical RPG fight maker,"This game concept is inspired by Mario Maker. But obviously quite different. The concept of the game is you can ""build"" your own RPG fight. You only design 1 fight, nothing else (No story, no quest, no shops, just 1 fight). So you choose the characters of the players (their abilities, their life points, their attack, etc), and you also choose the same for the ""monsters"". Actually publishing your fight scenario would cost 10 game points, and would require you to CLEAR that fight scenario. Game points could be won by completing other people's levels, or by paying real money. Each published fight will have stats. Win rate %, Number of tries, number of clears. And more importantly, there would be a leaderboard where the top UNCLEARED fight scenario with the most tries will be at the top. It would be seen as an ultimate challenge where players try to beat the top fight. There would be an advanced search engine where people can find fights of the desired difficulty level, potentially with various possible themes. Fights would not contain any RNG. To add complexity, we could consider for each fights adding a mini shop (with a set ammount of $) where people can buy various items before the fight.",1551463864
atxa1z,A game mode that could become better then BattleRoyal," The easiest way I could describe it is having 4 sectors (or more) in one big map. Players start in one and are moved to other tiers by the same principle applied in battle royal game, may it be storms, gas or whatever, that location contains better loot. The major difference begins here. After the players are moved others spawn and loot is regenerated, exiting there playable space is permitted but has health damage (lower for spawning players higher for higher tier players) This gives the possibility of gaining great loot at the beginning of a game but it is a high risk high reward situation. Multiple goals could be achieved in this arena \* Survival: which could go on for as long as a player wants gaining kill after kill each time facing new enemies. Records could be held for time and number of kills. \* Kill limit: no different then a Free for all get 30 kills and you win \* Zone control: last survivor in your spawn wave. These scenarios can all be part of the same game play, as long as the ending is brief. This could be implemented in any shooter or even RPG battles. Why would you want to play this? \* I’ve always had awful accuracy winning doesn't come easy; having multiple ways to win is a good thing. Having to deal with 30 players instead of 100 at a time. \* Streamers win often and they seem to have it easy for most of the time, having a harder difficulty might challenge them. \* Fast paced game play that will at least moderate camping since you can't go to the end zone at the beginning. \* Eventually people will look for something new as they did when the first battle royal game appeared.",1550940147
avuyq9,Overall crime simulator: The Lawbreakers,"Crime is ramping up in the city of Purgatory Springs. Gang crime is flourishing, the police are taking bribes from the mob, and you are there to do whatever lowlife scum or high end plummy boy wants you to do. Only thing standing in the way? the TWAT (tactical weapons assault team), the FBI and the army's new project super soldiers? no bother for your box of toys. &amp;#x200B; 1PM: Auntie Mabel's birthday party 3PM: Take Bobby to dentist 5:30: End Rick Thompson &amp;#x200B; Kidnappings, hits, robberies. &amp;#x200B; the underworld is your playground",1551381420
aw9x54,A Cat and Mouse Game Set In Open World,"I was thinking about a game with a large open world where one player is hunting another down, and the other tries to survive for a certain time limit or to reach a safe zone, but where the player being hunted looks like every other NPC character in the game, or has a randomly generated look. Maybe the hunter player receives relative position information every couple of minutes. There could be several events and things happening in the world that the hunted player must interact with in order to win, so they don't just go straight for the goal or hide. For example, if it was a fantasy world, they have to drop off the legendary sword in a stone so the hero finds it, then plant a trap, and then act as a wise old sage and resolve an argument. These tasks could even follow themes, to match a character you're role playing. The point is these tasks could be assigned out of a pool randomly at the start. I think the hunter player would need to have better mobility than the hunted player so they stand a chance at finding them in such a large world. Also, maybe the hunted player can choose a starting location while the hunter player can't? The point is just to let the players have fun role playing, with time limits being no more than maybe 15-20 minutes a round. Tell me what you think. Apologies if this is too in depth.",1551475478
ax9sf9,An open world game about being a Viking.,"So this game would basically take the kingdom come deliverance fighting style and realisticness of KCD, and combine it with god of war by involving mythology and the Norse setting. The mythology wouldn’t be to the extent of living with gods though. It would take place mainly in Norway but after a certain amount of time passed in the game you go on a raid. You could go to England, the Mediterranean, France, Spain, and Africa. You rise your way up through your towns ranks, and your actions in the open world effect your rank. Multiple endings depending on your rank Multiplayer like for honors.",1551720793
av58pm,"An open-world Star Wars RPG/shooter in the vein of Bethesda’s Fallout games. Taking place on one planet, like how Elder Scrolls takes place in one province.",Except ES I and II.,1551218693
ar4dc0,Card Game where the Player makes their own cards,"As said in the title, but here is some more detail. In essence, it'd be like Magic The Gathering, Yu-Gi-Oh, Pokemon TCG, etc. The difference being that there would be few, if any, premade cards. All cards are designed by the player using points they earn by winning battles. The better they do, the more points they earn. The more points they earn, the better the cards or the more cards they can make. Better could include a lower cost, more damage, more targets, etc. Meanwhile, you could also put negatives onto the cards to reduce the cost, such as paying life or excluding certain targets or requiring the sacrifice of some other card type. Perhaps certain types of effects synergize with certain types of costs. As for the plot, I have no clue. You could make it a high-fantasy game where the player is a wizard in training and learning to influence the forces of magic, with points equaling their power over magic. Their enemies would be other magicians that are summoning their own spells. The different costs of cards could be the classic elements(Fire, Earth, Water, and Air. Perhaps Metal or Spirit?) , or perhaps different schools of magic (Illusion, Enchanting, Necromancy, etc.) Or, you could make it sci-fi, where the player owns a tech company and is attempting to take over the corporate world by making better devices. Their cards could be robots to attack with, or genetically altered subjects to have unique effects on the opponent, or some form of energy creator that creates energy for other types of cards. Heck, maybe even make a series out of the idea and have different settings. Idk. Really, however you want to do the plot is up to you. The platform would have to be digital, and I'd suggest some form of online if that's possible, but you could do an offline campaign based on it. As for credit, I guess I'd like maybe some form of referencing to this post, but I don't mind either way. A general idea of how it'd look, but made in Microsoft Paint without any artistic talent: [so accurate you'd think it was a screenshot /s](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/538766429164666880/546157929838149633/unknown.png)",1550284721
au4c2j,Spooky open world game.,"A game where you play as a werewolf in an earth that has zombies, vampires, ghosts, etc. You go to communities that you can conquer and expand. You can fight other supernatural enemies on the streets. You can recruit other supernatural friends to help you conquer towns. The towns include, pyramids with mummies that you can fight, vampire's castles with vampires in them, and graveyards conquered by zombies.",1550982545
as684s,A weed simulator,"I came up with this idea playing GTA 5. As a stoner, I really wish there was a realistic weed simulator. It could be really simple. A basic open world map with good views, and shops of course. It would be so fun playing a video game just exploring, leveling up, selling, and smoking weed. Sorry I’m really bad at wording it. Basically just put a lot of details into rolling up, buying weed, strains, pieces, and selling. No clear objective or story. Just simple smoking. If done correctly and realistic, I believe this would be so fun. Looking at different strains, going to a weed shop, unlocking new pieces, getting money, spending it, getting all kinds of accessories and equipment. Growing and exploring a map. Going to the store and getting junk food. Basically just real life smoking but in a video game. Sorry if I sound like an idiot but it sounds really fun to me. ",1550549332
asen0k,Firewatch like game based on industrial espionage,"So this is a game i've thought about latelty since i started working at a large tech company. I imagine the length of the game, and gameplay style like firewatch. However, I imagine the color theme and soundtrack much greyer, than firewatch. Here goes: **Game type:** First person, story driven, walking simulator **Plot:** You are a mechanical engineer, in your late 20's, due to events in your past you've been forced into conducting industrial espionage at a large tech company, that recently hired you to work at an insignificant department. The competing company that hired you will be your guide into what you should do. As the game progresses you will transfer to more restricted departments. **Game setting:** The game should be entirely set in a large but stylish office building, perhaps with an adjoining workshop. **What makes the game fun?:** I would describe the style as *Sneaking around in plain sight.* Where you try to avoid getting caught, and avoid trying to look to suspicious. \- *Early game*: Stealing classified documents from colleagues, listening in on conversations in hallways, luring passwords, piggybacking into restricted departments, tricking people to leave their desks, bugging conference rooms etc. \- *Mid-late game:* The nature of the stuff you have to do turns more malicious such as destroying, prototypes, framing coworkers for your deeds, and causing ""accidents"" with fatalities to key employees, perhaps even causing fires. &amp;#x200B; **Additional ideas:** \- There could be a ""meter"" that tracks under how much suspicion you are under. \- There could be a love interest in a coworker to drive the story and create a conflict in what you are doing. \- As the game progresses and suspicion increases, the company could hire guards to track you \- As the company crumbles people could be layed off, and less people are visible in the hallways giving an almost ghost town like feeling. Please let me know your thoughts! &amp;#x200B;  ",1550606276
ax2lkz,Does this game exist?,"What if there was a game where you steal stuff from people professionally and you need to go to different places to steal certain objects. One of the most defining things is, people actually have reactions to things you do. For example: if you murder a bunch or people, they will run away from you or fight you instead of selling you a beer. If you run around wearing nothing, people might try to avoid you. Keep in mind this will be in a fantasy setting. ",1551671561
asu6b2,Avatar: Breath of the Wild,A game similar in style and formula of Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild but with the theme of Avatar The Last Airbender. Fighting off the fire nation through the massive open world - you play as the Avatar and master all of the elements as you travel through different nations. Ride your flying bison and upgrade your skills as you travel. Craft new rugs to store more food and items on the bison. Have different skill trees for all of the elements + melee combat with the staff and hand to hand. I had this thought last night and thought it would be doable seeing as there’s an ATLA Netflix series on the way.,1550698831
awqxj6,The New Natives: A game about colonizing and being colonized.,"It is going to be some sort of strategy game centered around lasting as many rounds as possible. Basically the theme of the game is that you control some group of settlers who've managed to displace enough of the old natives to become the new natives. However, at that point a new group of settlers now want your land, and you must defend it at all costs. Of course, your defeat will be inevitable and once you lose you get to play as your invaders who now hold the title of being the new natives. Repeat ad infinitum.",1551590650
awapj9,A simple yet interesting sidescroller,"A pixel 2d side scroller with an infinite map. you start up with a car made up of a few blocks, as you get further into the map you start encountering ""ruins"" (dungeons) where in some you can only acces if you have a tiny car or a big car. As you progress further into the game you make your vehicle bigger and bigger with different blocks you find. (as i mentioned the size limit on dungeons) you may need to make a makeshift vehicle bay using blocks that hold a different car inside your main one, maybe even a gate to close and open. As you get quite far, you encounter enemy vehicles. All made of different blocks. If you manage to kill one, they drop the blocks they had on thier vehicle unless you broke them before they got killed. (Something like TerraTech, just as an 2d sidescroller with dungeons)",1551480032
av73ld,Any ideas on how to make turn based combat more “fun”?,"I love the absolute crap out of turn based RPGS. Some of my favorite games are turn based, including games like Pokemon. However, I’ve heard many complaints that these games are often seen as slow and repetitive. While not a programmer, designer or developer, I’m interested in hearing your ideas for a more engaging turn based combat system.",1551229196
autg9c,The Cuteness Wars: A FPS\TPS game that focuses on a teddy bear trying to get his planet back by defeating the horde of grimdark enemies.,"""Defeat your mighty evil enemies... WITH KINDNESS!"" - The game´s tagline. The Cuteness Wars is an Third Person Shooter developed in 2023 by FocusBit Entertainment and published by itself for the PlayStation 4\5, Xbox Two, and the Nintendo Switch, and PC. **PRODUCTION** The game was announced in the 2020´s by as an idea by the Brazillian Writer Andrey V. Vieira. It was then announced in E3 as an Third Person Shooter and it was told to go for all the platforms availble on the time. It was realeased in March 5, 2024. **INSPIRATION** The game was also created to parody the ""Dark, gritty and mature Brown and Grey"" trend that films like the Dark Knight created and games like Killzone and the Warhammer franchise in its ""seriousness or darkness"" factor. Von Gothic was meant to parody ""edgelords"" an slang used by interneters to describe angry or angsty people. It was also designed to homage Kirby, Mario and other Nintendo games that had an innocent and cute style. **SYNOPSIS\PLOT** The game centers on the Teddy Bear Fluffy Mccuddles, an plushy-like inhabitant of the planet Cutopia. He lives with his pet Mr.Squishy the unicorn on the neighboorhod of Good Feels. Until it was invaded by the evil Darkness ""Totally not the Villain of this Game"" Von Gothic That invaded the planet with his Edge-o-Trons and Hate Legions, an legion of emo and goth alien marines that want to paint Cutopia black and white and make it an crapsack world in the name of an non-sensical philosophy called ""FOR THE EVULZ!!!11!"" that Mcedgy created when he was wanted it. The villain has no reason other that he claims to be ""EVUUUULLLLL!!!11!"" as he says. He wants to turn the planet evil with is ""Ow-The-Edge-Onator, that makes planets corrupted and ""grimdark"" as he likes to call it. GAMEPLAY OPEN COMBAT Fluffy can stop mcedgy with his Rainbow Gun, an weapon that makes the Edge-O-Trons and Hate Legion go brighty-colored and happy and hug every other enemy to spread happines. The Edge-O Trons and Hate Legion will be your own allies for then on. Fluffy can also shoot glitter and rainbows with his hands, STEALTH. Fluffy can make his enemies happy during an Stealth takedown. The Takedowns consist of jumping on your enemy and making him swallow candy,doing it behind him, or making him swallow like food. FLYING Fluffy can also shoot his enemies with rainbows out of Mr.Squishy´s horn while he is flying. **MELEE** Fluffy even when not on stealth mod can make enemies swallow candy and tickle then with the Happy Feather. It is useful because it defeats instantly.",1551145947
aum9nu,I want to create two characters for a brawler one who's more comical and one who's more threatening,"One is a fat obese character that fights drunk which would be like a Roman deity or Scottish maybe, perhaps Roman would be better so it's not as cliche? And one a skeevy punkish thuggish like auto mechanic who augmented himself with cyber parts like a criminal but also a soldier-like terrorist cyberpunk. Can this make sense? Or is this too much? And I wanted to make him asian. Is there anything wrong with doing this? Thanks.",1551107655
awtmx6,Feedback/Opinions on a Possible Feature,"As we all know, MOST RPGS feature varying character creation options, which include the ability to customize your character's general appearance and typically their base skills and/or abilities.. However, not many (or at all in my knowledge) feature the ability to customise your character's movement style, (fe: Walking, Running, Sneaking etc). To say if the Elder Scrolls 6 implemented this, would it be a welcomed feature? Or would it be just a tacky gimmick?",1551616695
av9al0,SquirrelZ,"Basically a game in which there are different forested areas. Different trees which represent difficulty, with different kinds of undergrowth. The areas below can be full of natural predators for squirrels. The different forest areas could be interesting too.. California redwoods. Spruce tree forest.. Forest on a mountain face.. City scape where the squirrels climb on buildings.. Forests divided by different ""danger areas"". Rivers. Fires. Kids. Roads. Open areas where hawks can get them. Cats. In the cityscape: icy roofs, drunk crazy people, people with bb guns etc. The squirrels could move in the trees up and down, on the limbs, jump from tree to tree. Like parkour athletes on steroids that they are. They could do flips, run to the top of the tree at full speed and catapult to another .. Able to do some sort of super dash every minute or so. Doing all sorts of flips etc on the way. Giving more points on time dash game mode. There could be different squirrels. Lightest being flying squirrel that can fly the furthest, thus making it easier to reach the next tree.. There could be heavier squirrels like fox squirrel that could be better at fighting the natural opponents below.. There are tons of squirrel species so there are no limits here. Different game modes: There could be a time dash. Where the squirrel has to reach point B from paint A. The hardness level could be set by how far apart the trees are and by what lies below. Caught in the open ground the squirrel would not do as well as jumping from tree to tree. There could be a run where the point is to make as many bonus points as you can, jumping different kinds of flips etc as you jump from limb to limb, tree to tree. Building to building.. There could be some kind of battle mode that would not interest me. But clearly squirrels have all sorts of enemies.. What inspired this? We feed squirrels and through the years we have seen some INCREDIBLE feats done by them. They do not seem to adhere to laws of physics. They can run up a brick wall. Do jumps that would compared to human beings jumping 50 - 100 meters.. Running straight up a tree chasing another squirrel, like they were sprint athletes on super steroids. Squirrels used to be the pet of choice in US in 1900'es and for a good reason. They are damn cute critters which probably would keep the kids / girls interested too.. Squirrelz! ",1551242633
autko9,A open world animal game,There will be hundreds of people on one server instead of lots of tiny servers. It will be one big open world where you get to choose an animal and live with that choice forever until you die with your animal pack. You make a pack of animals and your goal is to live like an animal. Just think of planet earth the video game. Lots of free map expansions and lots of animals should be added. This game in the right hands can be game of the year. Sorry for the long text. Tell me what you think ,1551146681
av4837,Forward Air Controller in Vietnam,"In the game you take the role of a FAC (Forward Air Controller) in the Vietnam War. You fly in your light O-1 plane above the jungle, spot Viet Cong or listen to incoming requests. You have to coordinate artillery strikes and ground attack planes, not to hit each other, and hit the right targets in time. Keep in mind, that the planes on the field have limited speed, fuel and ammo, and shells have travel time too. You have to prioritise based on the mission and the situation, and make the best out of FUBAR situations, when life and death hang on your decisions.",1551213379
asmwas,Handgun/Pistol only game.,This game would include guns from different eras and wars. From machine pistols to sling-shots every gun would have deep customization as to putting scopes and lasers on a luger pistol. Not sure about camo or paint jobs yet. The gameplay would be basically battlefield 3 with all the improvements from the newest games. You could theoretically have a M93 Raffica vs a C-93,1550659262
arp585,Twelf Kingdoms - A Choose-your-own-adventure type of game,"Hi there, Recently came up with a CYOA type of interactive game, and I'm here to ask you about your opinions of this matter. The main difference would be that each and every choice you make in the game would be of consequence, and steer the story accordingly; without exceptions. Thus, hopefully, giving you a more depth, meaningful and an overall richer experience. It would also bear novel-esk traits (complexity, etc.), but would be mostly a text based adventure, with some animated/dynamic elements (and appealing art) on the side; much like those good-old game books had. It would use the latest Unreal Engine, and would be published in an episodic format (plus to prove that the concept is viable, etc.), if the project gets green lit. The story would be set in a medieval fantasy/fable, where no magic exists . . . or as we thought. It would be our choice of mission to investigate and explore what lies beyond the known borders of humanity. I'm no artist by any means, just a humble wordsmith, who's a ""bit"" different. But decided nonetheless to make a promo video for it, which you can find: [click here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GEubZO4F-3Q) And a little about me, the short version: been a gamer since forever, did some modding, modeling, etc. back in the day, and always wanted to make a game of my own. Now, after more than 20 years of cultivating my imagination, thought it was time to bring back some of the olden-days, when I held my first dice and CYOA book in my hands . . . (for more info visit my twitter page: [click here](https://twitter.com/theaaronstory/status/1096739989747105794)) Would be really nice if you could share some of your ideas about said project. Take care",1550437996
atu0xk,FPS/RTS/Management/Survival/Godgame? Hybrid game,"The things I love the most in games are seeing the world progress around your character and/or your actions speeding up or changing the progress of a world. I have two ideas for the start of the game: Either you are a lonesome god that wants more worshippers and you wish to build an empire to worship you, or: You start off as a lone person in your typical survival setting, its just you and your stick/rock/heirloom sword etc against the world and you set out to make a living for yourself. You can eventually build yourself quite a good looking base, and have a comfortable life for yourself.... however by that point you realise it is quite lonely being a single wanderer living in the wilderness. You now want more people around, and you do your best to create things that would attract them such as building houses, making a surplus of food, making the area safer from monsters, (Think of something like Colony Survival, where you start as a lone person and eventually build a thriving town/city for all your people and protect them from monsters) and eventually start to get more and more people. The game could have some rough guidance to make you want to build a city, maybe you were the last son of a royal bloodline that had their land stolen and their lives taken and now you want your glory days back and the might of your kingdom restored, or maybe you just want to build a safe place for wanderers like yourself and create a charming rest stop for travellers in a small hamlet. You could make your city a huge sprawling metropolis, create a tiny secluded village hidden from the world, or maybe an extremely advanced society in an exclusive small city DREAM IDEAS THAT WOULD BE DIFFICULT TO IMPLEMENT: If the game went along the godgame path then a persistent family system for your people as the time passes that shows family connections in your city, (Think like Banished with people marrying and having children and increasing population) Multiplayer, either a few people building one empire/city/village or a few people competing in a brief almost skirmish format of the game. Rimworld level unique citizens (Now thats a pipe dream within a pipe dream for a city builder)",1550916867
aw2k9n,Half-controlled main character.,"So... •The game takes place in any sci-fi where augmentations seems ok, maybe cyberpunk but not necessarily. •You start lying on the floor with heavy headache and in eeh condition overall. Player is not controlling anything yet. •You finally wake up and go to bathroom. Still no input. •You go to sink, look in the mirror. Besides dirty worn cloths and face, you see bionic eye, arm and ton of some minor stuff. All that just stands still and nothing else. It's time to do anything already, take a soap e.g. •When normal arm almost touches stuff player told it to handle, other quickly takes it and shouts: ""WHAT THE F...""lashback. •U party hard w/ people u totally don't know, but they r cool anyway and also u r drunk enough to don't care. •One of them says: ""Hey guys, I have some magic thingies here, let's summon hecking random spirit and see what happens next!"" •You don't actually believe in all that paranormal shiet then why not lol. •When everything is done, all light offs and you fall down unconscious... Present time again. Then there is dialog from which player can get following: •Whoever they are, they actually summoned him. Straight to PC's brain. •He was some common man in 18th or somewhen about that century. •Ofc he doesn't give a single fuck about all that new techs and that's why he didn't take all control. As a bonus, difficulty level may be affecting only PC's aggression towards guest in his head, i.e. on low difficulties he is even giving some help, but on high he will be annoying suicidal piece of shit.",1551429431
axhguk,An MMORPG where your character grows in size as you level up,"Crazy idea that popped into my head: A grindy rpg where each level means you get x% larger in size from your previous level. This is multiplicative, so at 2% per level, a level 100 player would be about 7 times the size of a level 1 player. With no theoretical cap on level, a player could become titanic in size compared to a new player. Gear, however, won’t grow in size. So you outgrow your armor and weapons after a few levels.",1551763838
awantq,A fantasy RPG in which you control a defensive tank hero who has no offensive options.,"I know what you're thinking. Yes, this is inspired by *The Rising of the Shield Hero* anime. Most JRPGs have a well-rounded, jack-of-all-trades protagonist. In this game, the protagonist has no attacks at all. Instead, all your abilities and spells are defensive and you must use everything you have to defend your party as they cast slow but powerful attack spells. Since you only control one character, the combat would be real-time and almost play like reverse Whack-a-Mole as you run around using all your defensive abilities to protect your glass-canon mages. The story would revolve around the typical well-rounded, jack-of-all-trades hero rounding up a party for some heroic quest. That hero's history is personally tied to the plot; his village was destroyed and he was the only survivor or something. However, that hero dies in the opening chapter right as you join the party. In spite of the fact that you have no fighting ability, to step up to the plate to continue the quest without the hero.",1551479745
avfkns,How awesome (and impossible to make/play) would a VR Metroidvania be?,"I have actually no idea how this might work, or how someone might make a complex map or anything that a metroidvania has *in vr.* I just think it would be neat.",1551286371
atm0ta,A horror game based on many popular horror films and games,"S. T. A. L. K. E. R. Aliens The thing Dino crisis The game is set on an a privately owned island that is placed under quarantine, the island was known to be dedicated to scientific research but went dark some years ago, no one knows what happened but there were reports of ""unknown creature attacks"" on fishermen and coastal villages near the island, many scavengers, mercenaries and spies have been smuggled inside the island, each with their own goals, nobody knows where the creatures came from, some believe the research team on the island have discovered dinosaur caves beneath, others believe that they made contact with creatures from outer space You run a camp, hiring people and send them on expeditions through out the island, your main interest is to collect valuable and sell them to interested buyers outsider the island, valuable such as blood samples and pieces of info, sometimes the government soldiers tighten security which will sometimes cause your attempt to sell valuable fail and every thing be lost The mercenaries you send or control during expeditions might be infected and might turn into creatures themselves which will Make them cause havok in your base camp so you must check them frequently to avoid unfortunate accidents Sometimes they die during missions and turn into monster with little memory left, which will Make them return to base bringing other creatures, so you find your self defending your base against an invasion Some of the most important tools are night vision goggles and motion trackers that will start making sounds when ever creatures are nearby, which will help you during expeditions During expeditions, distrust among mercenaries might occur, some might withdraw during crucial times, some might turn against each other when they suspects that their team mates might be infected, so always bring bio scanning tools",1550865357
att1qj,Murder Mystery Party,"Can't believe this genre has not been revisited for many years so I'll give my own take on a current gen third person murder mystery party for up to 12 players. Think everyone gets the rules by now. Basically one person is the murderer while two secret detectives are in the mix holding weapons who are able to shoot anyone suspicyat any time. If they shoot an innocent then they are eliminated from that round to prevent people from screwing around with the role. There could be one off special add on roles that let you play as things like security guard where you can set up a limited amount of cameras around the map to spot any suspicious activity, an imposter who is the murderers friend and can act as the murderer and possibly get one kill per round. The murderer can also disguise as different roles to hide their identity. List of maps: Luxurious Mansion Island Summer Camp Suburban Neighbourhood Train ",1550908580
auk14i,Detectives Versus Terrorists,"I was thinking of a multiplayer game that plays out like a single player game in which you are dropped into a bunch of different scenarios either as a detective or terrorist and have to blend in among NPCs to go about your objectives. Basically the terrorists objectives would be to destroy or kill while remaining unnoticed and detectives would have to locate terrorists and arrest them while bringing their objectives to an end. NPCs would play a major part in this game as both the terrorists and detectives are relying on them as much as possible to blend in as an ordinary NPC meaning the opposing teams usernames are not displayed above their character and you are assigned a random NPC model each round to play as. Holding a certain button will also allow fluid NPC like movements and actions so that there is no way of telling if they are a player or not unless they break out of this action and decide to do something (even then movements would still be as close as possible to NPCs) Possible list of scenarios could contain plane/train hijackings, presidential assassination, jewellery store heist and more (feel free to add suggestions) now I know a few of those scenarios would likely cause some controversy especially since you are playing as a terrorist and doing some horrible things that mirror real life attacks but at the end of the day it's a game that is supposed to push barriers. I'm thinking the number of players should probably be 2 v 2 maybe 3 v 3 max to keep it as least congested as possible since NPCs will be covering almost all the population, also thinking if one side should be first person while the other is third person? Maybe both third person. What do you think?",1551092416
au7eji,MASSIVE Territories game - The whole world is the battlefield.,"So ive had this niggling idea for a game for some time. &amp;#x200B; Its a mobile game - integrated with google maps - the world is your playground - Competetive multiplayer. &amp;#x200B; The world is split up into different territories with a grid like structure. Each 'territory' or piece of land could be 10x10 meters for example. Players would start the game owning no land and with a small force of infantry. There would be two ways to take a piece of land: Be the first to go there and it becomes yours by default, or, attempt to fight the defending forces of an already owned territory... in the latter you would obviously only then own the land should your forces win - loose and your forces are depleted and will take time to recover before they can try again or even actively defend territory you may already own. &amp;#x200B; More land means more people. players can divide their population into 2 groups - dwellers and fighters. more dwellers = more resource more food more money etc, more fighters = well, more fighters :D. &amp;#x200B; The fighters would also be split into 2 forces - attacking and defending - defending forces would be assigned to territories you own that border others or that are likely to be challenged by others and the attacking forces are the ones used to invade and try to take land from other players. &amp;#x200B; Certain 'hotspot' areas will exist - town centres and the like - some sections of land in these areas would come with bonuses - the ability to create better / stronger units and such. &amp;#x200B; There would be other important places, if you manage to take a certain amount of territory within one of these places then you would receive the benefit: &amp;#x200B; Own sections of an industrial town? awesome - more bullets produced / extra money etc... &amp;#x200B; The game would require integration with google maps and GPS to be enabled as that's really the crux of my idea.... In order to take a territory or a piece of land, you would have to physically go there. &amp;#x200B; Players could slog it out on their own looking for easy pickings until they grow stronger and make a name for themselves - alternatively players could create / join their own factions to team up with other forces and move towards total world domination. &amp;#x200B; I believe a concept such as this delivered properly could be an absolutely HUGE success",1551010180
atup04,Programming challenge,"This week I am going to challenge my self, I am going to try making a game in under a week. But for that I need a theme and for that I want to ask you! If you have a suggestion please leave a comment.",1550922415
av79bx,Causal disconnection - a game on a tangled grid,"There are some phenomena in our universe that I haven't seen in games yet: **There are spaces in the universe which are causally disconnected** (Because the expansion of space became faster than the speed of light, no influence whatsoever is possible anymore) If the game world is a grid, it can become possible for some parts of the network to rip apart or become connected again. **The speed of information is finite** You only see changes when the light has reached you over the grid. **The trajectory of light is changed by heavy objects** ""Bending information away from your enemy"" **E=mc^2** The player(s) could transform energy and matter at specific nodes into each other, depending on the desired effect.",1551230163
aulm36,"It would be a 2d action platformer. You can save at anytime, but you have to save you have to sacrifice some flesh (lose a chunk of health) or sacrifice your magic (give up a healing or attack spell you have.)",A necromancer going on a journey through the frozen wasteland of hell to kill the demon in charge and being forced to take his place,1551103669
askmrp,A Pest Control style Action RPG where the player hunts giant Insects,"I'd like some feedback on this idea. The premise is, In a Post-apocalyptic world, a virus has caused all the insects in the world to mutate into giant beasts. The Player character is an ""Exterminator"" who hunts these giant insects. As conventional weapons are incapable of piercing the Insects' reinforced exoskeletons, the player's choice of Melee weapons are chainsaw sword, buzzsaw ax, and drill spear. Ideas for ranged weapons include a flamethrower/fireball launcher and a disc launcher like weapon that shoots out electrically charged discs akin to a bug zapper. Some Ideas I have for the enemies are:  Wyrmwing: An Apex predatory insect that is reminiscient of a dragonfly with features of a dragon. Geophilisk: a serpent-like centipede that specializes in burrowing underground and surprising people with ferocious and venomous attacks Vocicada aka Disruptors: Beasts resembling cicadas that utilize their wings to create soundwaves that can disorient exterminators.",1550641689
asisq7,Web War (a crossover fighting game between web series),"RWBY. Terrain Of Magical Expertise. SMG4. Web series such as these are immensely popular and have earned many fans. Bloody Bunny. The Chosen. The Adventures of Dumplin. Web series such as these are lesser known, yet still enticing. Whether you like them, hate them, or have never cared for them, there's no denying that it would be someone's dream to see some of their favorite characters from across the internet decide who would reign supreme on the field of battle. In Web War, however, that dream shall become reality! Featuring characters from the franchises mentioned above and possibly more, this is a crossover fighting game that includes those from various internet shows coming together for a special tournament referred to as ""The Brawl Between Worlds"". Only the most skilled at combat will win the title of ""Warrior of the Web"" and prove their might to all who watch. Gameplay-wise, it plays somewhat like various other fighting games. Similar to the Guilty Gear series, each character possesses a Super Meter that can build up a maximum of three levels, the first and second unleashing powerful Super Attacks, and the third unleashing a climactic ""Destroy"" attack, which is a guaranteed victory if it lands. Similar to the Mortal Kombat series, certain characters will have special interactions when they begin fighting against one another. Also, how much you play a character determines how much said character grows. As you play as someone in particular more and more, they will gain Experience Points that will cause them to level up after a certain number of battles. Each time someone levels up, you can choose to boost a specific attribute of that someone slightly, such as Health, Offense, Speed, or how quickly they build up their Super Meter. Keep in mind, however, that each stat you choose to boost is a final decision, and will stick with them each time you enter competitive play. With all that being said, sharpen your blades, ready your fists, power yourself up, and have fun! Are you ready? To War!",1550630003
at9p8e,Bolts of Belania - Robot Adventure of Allegiance,"Balania, a unsided major city sitting the middle of two conflicting armies becomes a battleground for its residents. A junk-rat robot pilot springs to action aiding whom they see needs it most whether it is their neighbors, country or self interest. Graphic style - Megaman 64 / Jet Set Radio. Controls - Control both your pilot and your mech seperately as you handle the conflicts and challenges thrown to your city. Control your mech using your in game controller (Think R.A.D) to take on enemies, move obstacles and save those around you. Control your pilot to navigate where your mech cannot and interact with the world in different ways. Gameplay - Mission style, dropping you in a level with a simple objective but many optional events to partake in and effect the story. Do you use your robot to save lives, fight civil casualties, fight against the opposing armies or survive on your own? Actions performed in these levels effect favor towards different groups and factions that will view you depending on what you do. At the end of each mission use your currency and favor to customize and upgrade both your robot and your pilot to fit your playstyle, go back to previous levels stronger or with different gear sets to alter your path. ",1550789661
at1c7b,Naruto hand sign based game,"Alright, I've had this idea for a while, and at the start it sounded good but once I thought about it a bit more I saw some problems with it, which I'll explain at the end. # Concept The game is centered around the player being a newbie ninja who fights other ninjas in a card based fashion, but the cards are 12 and each one corresponds to a hand sign used for forming a jutsu. # Fighting The fighting is turn based between you and an enemy. Each turn you need to play 3 of the 12 hand signs in different variation with no repetition of hand signs (you'll find out why later). Matching different hand signs produces different jutsu. Some jutsu damage the opponent, some boost you, some raise your defence/evade attacks and so on. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; So basically the idea is matching different hand signs for the player to explore different possibilities with the hand sign permutations. The problem is permutations with 12 hand signs and 3 hand sign slots produces 1320 possible permutations and that is way too many jutsu/abilities to create and no player will be willing to test them all, they'll be annoyed. Even lowering it to 12 hand signs and 2 slots will produce 132 possible permutations which is still quite a lot, plus I find it a bit lackluster to make jutsus with only 2 hand signs, but it seems there is no other choice. I even thought about lowering the hand signs to 8 with 2 hand sign slots which is 56 permutations and is much more manageable. Of course that is just the main concept, you might add that a player can only have 4-5 different hand signs in his hand at all times or add a chakra bar which controls what jutsu you can use or how powerful it is. &amp;#x200B; Another fix for the permutation problem is to make them combinations, 12 hand signs with 2 slots produce 66 combinations so that is way more manageable. So yeah, that's my idea, I hope it's not too confusing as it is my first post here and actually my first reddit post, so if anyone doesn't understand something just ask and I'll clarify. ",1550742382
av9f11,A creature breeding game - but what kind of creature?,"Here's the list of possibilities I came up with, please let me know which you like and feel free to suggest alternatives! :) **Fish Hybrid**: An imaginary kind of fish combining elements from goldfish, bettas, lionfish, and other interesting fish. **Airfish**: This is a fantasy cross between a flying fish and a bird; they hover or swim through air. **Bird Hybrid**: two options here, this could be either a plump **ground bird** like a chicken, pheasant, peacock, pigeon, or dodo; or it could be a **perching bird** like a parrot, bird of paradise, or songbird. **Griffin**: This would be different combinations of bird types and cat types; might possibly expand to include dog type bodies and bat/dragon type wings. **Fantasy Horse Variants**: Although this could include normal horses, there would be a lot of accessories they could have like horns, wings, more deer-like legs and feet, bird feet, fox or lion tails, etc. Other possibilities I'm more dubious about: Flowering plants instead of animals, farm animals like cows, sheep, or goats, scarab beetles, butterflies, or dragons. What have I not thought of? I'm sure there's something cool that hasn't occurred to me at all. &amp;#x200B; (Note: I wanted to avoid anything strictly realistic, like real breeds of dogs, cats, horses, cows, sheep, fish, or flowers. This is because I want to make a graphical system where creatures can have different shapes, colors, and patterns in any combination. I also definitely won't do something copyrighted like pokemon.)",1551243430
ar72qn,A pixel art game focusing on a civilian's life in a futuristic universe where we are settling on Mars.,"The game I've been thinking about features a German man named Klaus who recently shifted to Mars in the year 3019. It was predicted that a meteorite will soon hit Earth and it was necessary for the humans to shift to Mars which had then been stabilised and made available for humans to live in. At mars, Klaus finds himself working as a volunteer at a water extraction plant (ample reserves of water were found beneath mars' crust). Due to a severe water shortage that follows due to the space authority limiting water extraction, klaus is forced to venture to an illegal site to look for water. Right when he thinks he had found water, he finds a memory card lying there. It had been the memory card to his digital diary. He loads it up and finds his family photo featuring his wife and young son. He looks over at earth which can be seen in the sky and the screen goes blank. It is hinted to the player over the course of time that klaus made it to mars but his family didn't. He often travels to the space station to look for his family in the arriving spacecrafts carrying people from earth to mars. In his pursuit of finding his family, his house is seized by the space authority as Klaus does not work for the mandatory social service every civilian is supposed to do on mars. Now homeless, a family similar to his own helps him out to get his house back (through legal means obviously). In this chapter, the player gets to know a lot about Klaus's life on earth as he interacts with the family. Norman then calls up klaus and tells him about a retired scientist who might be able to build up a private spacecraft and look for Klaus's family. Klaus finds the man and helps him out in building the spacecraft. It is hinted to the player that the scientist has a mental disorder and might just not be reliable. Although this is evident, the man is Klaus's best bet. But unfortunately, on one fine day when the spacecraft is ready to take off and some hired men are called to go on a private mission to find Klaus's family, it gets to everyone's notice that the scientist took off with the spacecraft himself to escape from the space authority's grasp since he had been a criminal. Disheartened, klaus cheats on his friend norman and gets access to one of the space authority's spacecraft. He risks his own life having no knowledge about spacecrafts but still taking off himself looking for his family. Soon after he takes off, an announcement is made declaring that all of the human population that survived has been transferred to mars and the meteorite will reportedly hit earth within the next 24 hours.",1550307145
arggmp,Open World Survival Type Game - Need Ideas,"I was thinking about ideas for an open world survival game and couldn't really come up with any plot points or any interesting features. I could only really think about the very basics like hp, food/water and possibly a forest(issue is that it seems kind of cliche to me) setting. So I'm asking for any ideas that would make it ""unique"" or story/plot point. Details: - 3D - FPS - Realistic like(Not Stylized) - PC - Singleplayer ",1550373162
au5vae,RTS Crime Sim,"A Real Time Strategy game where you play as a criminal, with choices that let you choose between different types of crime, robberies (banks and stores or houses and museums), kidnappings, or drug dealing. Potentially an overlapping (text based) storyline with more than one ending.",1550995157
artnzz,Any game ideas for 3D multiplayer?,"The platform is Roblox. It can have a bad rep on the internet, but it's a very viable and profitable platform. I have a successful game already (it's an open world police/criminal roleplay), but I'm looking to make some more games. Games are usually 5-25 players, but can be up to 100. My target audience is anywhere from 10-18. Players have their own character. This can be overrode or removed for any type of game, but it's not common. It's a platform where you can just hop it any game server and start playing, so a game which has long rounds or something won't be a good idea. &amp;#x200B; I'm not looking to have to make a lot of special content (like lots of vehicles). I can get a map done, small assets, as well as advanced programming. I'm open to all types of game ideas. Thanks!",1550467171
at1rhn,Sandbox Sports based Free Running (Parkour) title,"Over time, the parkour games created have been heavily implemented with either combat involved or being able to do abnormal body movements. My idea is a parkour/Free Running sports title. The concept is inspired by sport titles such as Steep, Skate 3, Tony Hawk games, Pro surfer and more. One of the core mechanics would be of course doing parkour and building up high scores and combos when doing tricks. Setting the game within a small sandbox world would allow players the freedom to experiment with lines and achieving the best possible scores. The game would have challenges around the sandbox world in which you have to beat to progress. ",1550745941
as320y,MKX Krypt style survival horror kind of,"Hello, I had this idea of a game similar to the mechanics of Mortal Kombat's Krypt system of traversal but oriented into a more survival horror experience like Resident Evil/Silent Hill meaning that you solve puzzles to progress the map and those puzzles are in the same area like the mansion from Resident Evil 1. Not so much about action and combat just there to keep you on your toes. I would like to get some feedback on this from you if you like the idea and maybe give me some brainstorming ideas about the setting and the story or how it could be enhanced. Thanks in advance!",1550529425
amzwe1,Live life though every imagination Show daily life Show different lives Make it really realistic,"Live life though every imagination Show daily life Show different lives Make it really realistic Upgrade each to See very sad stuff Show you different alacolypses Different tragedies Many miracles Make many events in many different situations and time as in through the future and the past and in your mind Make your mind ""woke Multiplayer Free dlcs Make your own person fully customize or live as any animal or do literally any thing you can think of and live as that trying to survive other people Build houses or be an animal to make shelter ",1549270791
an2akr,Russian Roulette multiplayer casino game,I share the idea and concept with you because I have no time and money to build. Maybe some one will do if you like the idea. Concept [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EOK1GCzBY3T\_QKFKAFvq7\_F0xuXUSyAILAlEWHaUI\_o/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EOK1GCzBY3T_QKFKAFvq7_F0xuXUSyAILAlEWHaUI_o/edit) I own domain [headshot.io](https://headshot.io) and can sell it for the price 500$ ,1549291424
an5oke,A random thought I had one night,"Game genre: fps evolution/inovation mmo -The game starts with middle age factions(number undecided)  while in a massive war they race to inovate and conquer the world. -there will be assigned cities for each faction to start. In the middle age era everyone is fighting monsters (don't know the type of enemy) in pve raids and the monsters can try to attack your cities. When your cities are being attacked by players, the enemy players will need to capture your ""town hall or terminal in the space era"" (idk how to deal with this yet) Monsters will try to kill you and steal things like supplies. The faction with the most land at the time end will win. -There will be events during each era and the last event will decide the overall winner at the end of each era. -there may be a king of the hill event or a race to kill the most monsters and the winning faction's players will get exp. and money. There will be a leveling system and each player will have a specialized character for each era. That specialized character is leveled during that era and the player will have a different character for each era. (I may make a family system) The money will be used for different upgrades like weapons, armor, or even vehicles and aircraft. There will be a class system for each era and perks and abilities for each one. You have to level up to gain access to these perks and abilites. (there may be specialized classes for each faction) You get exp from killing enemies, building bases, collecting supplies, and helping to capture cities or destroying player made bases. (collecting supplies refer to things like farming or getting resources like wood or metal) I don't think this will ever become a thing since this game will take too long to make due to the size and each era will be the size of a normal game. But basically I want a game that will give the player the experience of multiple games in one. This game resembles my interests in games and I'm thinking about working on this idea some more to make it more appealing, in hopes someone will make this.",1549310847
ang2os,My strange game idea,"I want to make or have made a slightly more complex chess game (at least that's how it works in my head). It would need to generate the game grid from a image file (that I would like to be able to change in and out) based on a set number of pixels and support game pieces that are larger than one tile (i.e. 2x2, 3x3, or 4x4) and I would like the ability to add and remove pieces as game play moves. I would like to have it as a two window display so I could show just the board and pieces on a second screen but still be able to have (and hide) the GUI on my screen. I would like to have in the GUI an interactive turn list so I can jump/ change the order of play as needed. This list could be as simple as just text but would be cool if it could display a scaled version on the piece too. I would want to be able to populate this turn list from a created pool of pieces that I could add in new or delete old as needed. When a piece is added to the turn list I need to be able to place it anywhere on the board but then it just needs to be able to move to any adjacent tile (including touching corners). The only other thing it would need is a way to move the pieces on the board and to hide pieces from sight until revealed. The whole thing only needs to be 2d. Tabletop simulator has been suggested already and I'm looking into it, but I don't think it can do the two window thing. It seems simple from a user's stand point but what little I know of coding tells me this is a monster of a challenge. For those who are curious as to the inspiration of the idea: I am learning to make custom DnD maps in Photoshop and don't have a way to print them to scale properly. Then I had the idea of just using a tv display, but the cool gaming tables with tv's inlaid are expensive. So here is my idea and go!!",1549385853
amzge6,A open world game that starts as a GTA clone and turns into a survival sim half way.,"**Setting** Set in the near future, on a futuristic island city that is only connected to the mainland by single highway and a large airport. **Plot** The main character is an undercover cop, whose mission is to infiltrate the higher levels of a mysterious criminal organisation that's rumored to be indirectly controlling all the local gangs and according to some, even the police department themselves.As you progress through the game, the criminal organisation unleash a devastating terrorist attack that not only kills thousands but also completely isolates the city from the rest of the world.Now the main character have to survive through chaos and anarchy to finally confront the organisation responsible. **Gameplay** Before the attacks, it's gameplay is mostly similar to other games of the genre.Unlike other GTA clones, most of the buildings are accessible and may have lots of useful stuff available for player (these building would be very crucial to your survival after the attacks).There are also a survival game features were you have to take care of health, food, and water( you can disable this feature in the settings).There are also a lot of side quests,romantic choices, variety of vehicles , weapons,clothes, radio stations(before attacks at least,after the attacks, it's mostly emergency government broadcasts),etc. ",1549266258
anjm1b,2d team puzzle game in which player controls both teams,"* there is a board with two teams: red team and blue team. Each team has several units laid out randomly when level starts * at the beginning of the level, the player has to choose one of the two teams and make a bet for it using gold. If at the end of the level the player's team wins, the player earns the money of his bet \* the number of units of the opponent's team * every 2 seconds, all units on the board rotate 90° clockwise around its z axis * the player only has to tap one button to play. When he taps it, all units of BOTH teams move forward 1 tile * when one unit runs onto a unit of the other team, he kills it. If two units of enemy teams run into each other, both die * a team wins when the opponent team has no more units left on the board * Bets:  * at the beginning of the level, the player bets for one of the teams  * once the level has started, at any given time the player may decide to bet for the other team instead, based on how he sees the level evolved and how are the units of both teams positioned and chances of winning, but he loses the money of his previous bet. Or at any given time the player can increase his original bet.  * the gold the player earns for his bet is the amount of money he bets times the number of units the opponent team has",1549405866
ano6jw,An open world game idea,"An open world game idea, I just wanted to share my idea with other people. An open world game where there would be all types of regions, Grass, Snow, Underworld, Desert, Hidden islands. Players all start at level 1 and they get to higher levels the more they eliminate monsters or criminal players. Criminal players become criminals by betraying squads and killing them. Or choosing to become one. There will be high level monsters which carry rare/legendary items and if a player defeats them they keep the items. But when a player dies with rare/legendary items they will drop it but the other player that collected it must reach a higher level then the previous owner. And the player that died will keep their high level but the monster they fight will be higher level then the noob monsters. Players can create or join groups to stay together and fight as one but all items they get will be sold and split profits. But if one player did most damage to the monster they get to have a choice to keep it or sell it and split it with your team. High level players can get special unique skills that is either magic or physical. They obtain these by killing certain elite monsters from the underworld. Weapons will be melee, magical/enchanted weapons which are either swords,bows and other stuff. There will be legendary weapons that are op and very very hard to get and must be a certain level and have certain skills to use it. Legendary clothing: Invisible cloak turns you invisible when wearing it. Attack resistant cloak which will stop 90% of magical attack damage. And a cloak that teleports you in places you’ve been before. That all I have thought of as of today but I’ll keep you guys up to date with any ideas I have, also please comment any bad ideas. I just came up with this game idea today and I am still thinking for more stuff. If you want daily/weekly updates lmk. ",1549436460
anuykx,New Final Fantasy,"I liked ff7. I replayed it last year and analyzed the pros of the game. I found the story and characters to be a key in the game. The storytelling and character building was presented in this very small format; blue text boxes and really simple animations, and beautiful music to match. With this format you got to use a lot of imagination. But it was made with care. It was closer to reading a book than most other games. I dream of a new final fantasy game that embraces this old style of walk-talk gameplay. One static background at a time. Minimalistic. Totally ignoring the technical advantage of 2019. And the writing should be in focus, personal, funny, non-prestigeous, like ff7. Background images perfect in photography. Then, a fight begin and the 2d background warps to 3d life, revealing the 3d model of the current stage that was there all along. With all the new impressive graphics of today. This way the game switches between old and new repetetivly. And the character/monster 3d models could be low polygon also but with cooler lighting and other graphic enhancements. ",1549484071
anqlkx,Vr live concerts,"Many people have the dream to become great singers, or have a good band, and perform in front of thousands of people. I thought about a vr game where you make your own band or go alone and sing in front of other players, stage gets bigger as you gain reputation... All that in vr, singers and audience in vr so they can dance too, mics open so singers sing for real and audience can sing as well... I think it can be fun but I'll never manage to make anything that big so I'd like to see that game",1549459012
ao00ch,4X Space strategy Total war style,"New to reddit in general but I've sunk countless hours into large scale strategy games like the Total War series, Empire at War, Sins of a Solar Empire, and Homeworld and I've found that there's a lack of combination between them. Something like Stellaris has a good model but isn't quite tactical enough when it comes to fleet battles. A game with the turn based layout of a total war game but on a ""galactic"" scale (obviously not too immense then it gets tedious) with fleets and planets but with a homeworld style of tactical combat when fleets meet. I know I don't speak for everyone who enjoys the genre when I say I'm not a fan of giant tech trees and planet management but I find it more interesting when there is a relatively stagnant tech level and beating opposing races are dependent on asymetric technologies being used creatively, somewhat like total war Warhammer. Something like 9 unique races fighting for the galaxy in this fashion would be a lot of fun and I haven't had much luck finding anything that really fits this model save for sword of the stars 2(and that game is near unplayable with bugs). Empire at war was really cool for having land battles as well but those were a bit lackluster and while that would be a cool feature, it seems kind of unlikely that that could be truly engaging. Hopefully I'm not just describing stellaris dumbed down but I haven't seen much of this.",1549514338
aog8dx,"2d team roguelike, you control both teams, in pairs","* there is a map with two teams: red team and blue team. Each team has several units laid out randomly, and facing randomly either up, down, right or left, when level starts. You play with one of the teams only even though you control both as you'll see below. * The game is controlled by the player with a single key. Whenever the player taps the key, two units (one of each team) move forward 1 tile. Next turn, the player will move other 2 units (one of each team), an so on. Always the same pair move together. * if 2 seconds go by and the player doesn't tap the key, the turn ends for those units and both units (red and blue team ones) rotate 90° clockwise around their z axis changing the direction they're facing, and the turn moves on to the next pair * when one unit runs onto a unit of the other team, he kills it. If two units of enemy teams run into each other, both die * When you kill all of red team units, you move into the next room/level * You lose when all of the blue team units are killed ",1549630356
aoi8uh,A fake MMO where the goal is to hack/break it,"The game is set in a fake MMO. The MMO ""players"" are actually NPCs. The actual human player is a hackers who is trying to break the game. So the player needs to figure out ways to dupe items, farm gold, steal from other ""players"", and generally wreck the place and get rich in the process. (Inspired by a Fallout 76 article I just read ;) )",1549643552
ao6v6k,A gamification app with a roguelike rpg attached,"I've got a long nagging todo list and was looking at [gamification](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gamification) apps to see if I could start tackling things. All the ones I see have different ways of leveling up and tackling quests, but the most you get out of it is a few badges and better character pictures. What I'd like is a gamification app tied to a rpg game, where the more you achieve your goals and tasks the stronger the character you're building becomes. And you can take that character on dungeon runs to see how it performs. If you got to be really fancy you could categorize your todos so that you could increase different rpg aspects and wealth, i.e. Tackle diet goals, gain agility. Go for a run gain constitution. Do a work project, gain gold coins. I enjoy rpgs and am motivated to grind out tasks to beat the next boss. If those tasks were set up in real life, I would probably still do them if the rpg was fun enough. ",1549564463
ao6qsm,My current character list for my fighting game,"Alright so I've been working on my fighting game character lists and trying to get most of the archetypes settled. I'd like some opinions on my list. If any of these ideas sound bad or generic or what could be added to improve on the ideas. I'd really appreciate it, I want these characters to be as different and as variant as I can, thank you. &amp;#x200B; 1. Female gorgon/naga 2. Pirate sea creature w/shark an kraken 3. Demonic scarecrow 4. Pop singer martial artist 5. Augmented MMA fighter 6. Female mercenary 7. Amazonian werecat woman warrior w/4 legged jaguar panther transformation 8. Western gunslinger 9. Victorian shapeshifting human with cane/werewolf 10. Warrior monk 11. Demonic/angelic nun 12. Minotaur viking 13. Evil doctor/nurse duo 14. Pyro firefighter 15. Sentinel robot with three forms 16. Old kung fu master drunken monkey 17. Fat ogre/orc w/spiked club 18. Female vampire alchemist with mercury powers 19. Giant ancient Greek statue 20. Tree monster 21. Nature spell witch 22. Harlequin contortionist female clown 23. Thai or Indonesian female assassin w/scorpions 24. Insectoid space marine alien 25. Icy wendigo spectre 26. Yeti/sasquatch 27. Blonde female cyborg agent 28. Mechanic brawler w/tools 29. Electromancer convict w/demon lightning spirit 30. Classic slasher lumberjack w/chainsaw 31. monster hunter female 32. Japanese feudal ghost girl 33. Fat butcher lady zombie/parasitic form 34. Shape changing blob 35. Telekinetic little girl with big giant monster 36. Giant kaiju beast 37. Ancient Chinese terracotta mummy w/sand 38. Super hero teen 39. Mystical djinn 40. Grim reaper wraith (possible time manipulating abilities) 41. Old century mannequin living doll 42. Chained flagellant w/chain whip and evil demonic auras 43. Mongolian female archer w/horse and wind 44. Evil templar knight 45. Ancient Mesopotamian sorcerer/wizard or mage 46. CEO bad guy 47. Demon lord Please tell me what you guys think, I'd love some opinions on these, we've been working hard on, thank you!!",1549563801
aob570,Ineresting ideas in a fps game?,Hello I'm working on a first person shooter and I'm currently looking for interesting ideas. What would you love in a fps game? I currently implemented breakable/shootable walls and an editor where users can make there own maps.,1549588532
ap0as6,2D Game Programmer Looking for Ideas,"Title basically says it all. Looking for interesting plots that would be represented well in a 2D game, or interesting concepts to explore for 2D games (simulations etc.)",1549769985
ap7dq6,Onimusha remake but in RE4's mold,"Onimusha was great for the time but I would wager a guess that a lot of people today are turned off by fixed cam perspectives and won't be so inclined to play them. As much as I like the games, it's rightfully so. There was a lot of combat cheese in the first two games because of the cameras. If the Onimusha trilogy were to be remade, I hope they give them all the RE2 remake treatment. Rather than head/knee shot stuns being the conditional for QTE melee, they can be triggered by a successful dodgeroll or perfect defense. While I type this, I realize it's almost just like the new GoW. I was not a big of a fan of the Dinocrisis series but I guess giving this series the same treatment could be alright as well. Not sure what can be done to differentiate it from RE other than the statement ""it's RE but with dinosaurs"" which I guess is fine for many people but I'd rather that the interaction with a different creature type creates some deviation on mechanics.",1549827151
apcsax,Looking for an idea for an educational VR game that has to do in some way with NASA or other space companies,"So I need to develop a VR game as part of an educational outreach program but I’m running short on ideas. I’m only one person and have a max of about 3 months to pull this off (on top of school) so it can’t be something too complex. However, it doesn’t really have to be. Just looking for something engaging and educational, think for like a 30 minute demonstration to high school students. It does have to be in VR (using an Oculus Go) because that’s part of the technology we’re trying to promote as part of the program. I was thinking something along the lines of teaching students about the engineering design process or the scientific method but I’m not sure what to do about that. I’m using Unity and I’m decently competent in it and in making 3D art. I appreciate any ideas, doesn’t have to be perfect. Thanks. ",1549861257
anwziq,CARMEN SANDIEGO Point&amp;Click,There's this new show on Netflix;Carmen Sandiego; which I really love. I also love point &amp;click adventures and I think the theme of Carmen Sandiego would undeniably fit into the adventure puzzle genre. I'm a webdev and I know how to code both statically (ideal for games) and dynamically. I was wondering if I can pull something like that off on my own and make an adventure game. I have zero game making experience but I'd like to change that. I read ags is the perfect tool for games like that. My idea is the following: A game where you play the famous Carmen Sandiego™( from the Netflix franchise) and guide her through missions to prevent Vile™ from doing evil . You have to sneak into museum pass guards silently and solve interactive puzzles with internal countdowns. My idea here is to make the game as moderate and fast paced as the Netflix Series. I want make less puzzles that can potentially get the player stuck ( which I hate in P&amp;C ) so I want to make it rather fast paced and relatively easy and focus more on the story rather than the puzzling with lots of awesome cutscenes. Let me know what you think. Also would I get in trouble for using an existing franchise even if I only wanted to make it for personal use? Source : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carmen_Sandiego_(TV_series),1549494895
aob19i,Looking for competitive multiplayer game ideas,"OKAY, so, lemme tell you what we're working with here. I am a solo indie dev looking to make an indie crossover PvP multiplayer game. I am skilled at using pixel art and an amateur at game creation (please ignore the learning curve for now and just feed ideas please.) I want some genre or gimmick so that I can insert characters from indie gaming and make a piece of art. However, all of the good ideas have been taken by the likes of Runbow, Indie Pogo, Indie Karts and Lethal League. The point is, could you recommend a fun genre for me to try out? I also have an idea where characters make streaks/lines in the air that slice through opponents, like a character jumps through the air and the line left behind cuts through the enemy. I could expand upon this further with much needed help. &amp;#x200B; Thanks, much love \-Corey",1549587804
ankkt4,A 2D medieval fantasy open world survival game,"I'm currently coding a Java game fron scratch Since it is my first time designing an actual game alot of things are influnced by what I like about some games and what I can implement The whole game is basically you traveling on a square tile base, randomly generated map in a turn base manner, where you try to survive as long as possible There are settlements and cities to visit and trade but they are far apart requiring days of travel (which can be speed up with horses) Each tile on a map is a location that you can enter ,which opens a location interface with options like make camp, hunt, collect firewood and more, the longer you stay in one area the nore scarce the resource become and the more likely bandits will find and rob you Combat will use a blood and body part system similar to rimworld and df adventure but I want to simplified it to just limbs, torso and head since I want a 4 man party, I'm still exploring on the idea of how to make combat less tedious when you have a full party fighting different enemy with different body parts Aside from party tab there will also be a guest tab for escort or prison transport mission and an animal tab for hunting dog, horse and cattle, you will have to feed some of them to prevent them from dying and failing the mission I wanted to add weapon maintainance into the game, but soon realize I already gave the player too much task to do As of late game I want the ability to let player set camp on some of the location permanently and turn it into a settlement, be it a bandit camp or a thriving village I would love to add moving entities on the map for players to move in and interact with, but for now I'm gonna focus on implementing basic mechanics, I already have a basic frame work for dialogs and multi-choice story progression, for my next step I'm going to implement the combat. ",1549411708
anp293,Theft Royale,"As the title implies, it's a multiplayer game where people don't kill each other, but hunt for each other's resources. Let's say the game is First Person, and if you can stay behind an enemy without his seing you, you slowly steal his gold, but if he sees you you can't steal from him for a certain period of time. You can't see the amount of gold you're carrying unless you open your inventory, so you can't react to your gold being stolen just by seeing the number on the screen. The game should also include some skills, like Invisibility / Reveal invisibility (e.g. you see that your gold gets stolen, but there's no one around - use the Reveal ability and see if someone is invisible nearby, and Reveal disorients the invisible enemy for a while, allowing you to steal your gold back and maybe some of his, too). Or you may use traps, and if you entrap an enemy, you can steal a large chunk / all of his gold. You can use your gold to buy new abilities, but the ultimate goal is to have the most gold at game end, so buying abilities and staying broke won't help you much in terms of winning the game. You may hide a share of your gold anywhere you want, and in case you get robbed clean you can return to your cache and take it, but it can be stolen as well, is someone finds it. The game would last for a limited time, and the person who carries the most gold at the end, wins. It's kind of an ultimate stealth thief simulator seasoned with lots and lots of paranoia. &amp;#x200B;",1549445245
ao6wyb,Asset Flip Card Game (strategy/sandbox/meme),"It's a virtual card game, but the cards spawn and interact with items in the ""playfield"" And what is in the playfield are assets of various quality and style from the Unity asset store. The player has a hand of say, five cards, and chooses one each turn, Affecting the board. Placing Static decorations or NPCs. Giving orders or adding effects. &amp;#x200B; Objective(s): The player has control of their side of the playfield, so most cards only affect that area, however they can send their NPCs to attack their opponent. There is a meta gameplay involved where you are trying to ""build a game with the assets on your playfield"". At the start of a match the game will randomly state what is trending in the game market (something like: ""Fantasy, Shooters and City Builders are big right now, Space is not selling at the moment""). So the objective is to both try to defeat your opponent and get a higher score based on how ""trendy"" your playfield was. &amp;#x200B; The cards/assets have stats that affect both objectives and the stats can work in many ways. For example a mushroom monster could have the keywords ""Monster"" and ""Food"". Because of this it could be used to boost Fantasy, Survival, Cooking, Shooter games. It would also have stats like health and attack as well as behavior (how it moves and attacks). Some cards/assets would have latent game style preferences (most likely NPCs). So If you drop say a dragon into the playfield it will gain a stat bonus depending on how ""fantasy-ish"" your playfield score is. And some cards/assets will be opposite and negate each other, so you can make compromises or try to lower your opponents score. &amp;#x200B; I can think of three types of cards. World: spawn mostly static items (trees, rocks, buildings,...) but also cards that change the whole playfield (weather, terrain texture). These will be mostly aesthetic, though could offer cover. Gameplay wise they change your score. Like placing buildings to get more of a city builder score. Actors: spawn NPCs, which do all the fighting. Some might have unique behaviors like targeting and destroying specific types of static objects (a lumberjack that destroys trees could be useful if your opponent is building a forest and you aren't). Special: Mostly commands for Actors to send them attacking specific targets and such. But this category could have interesting special/random effect cards. &amp;#x200B; I imagine it would play out a little like Magic the Gathering lite, only you'd have less control of the NPCs and the world space would look surreal and comical. The design would intentionally try to use assets of varying quality and art style so that they clash.",1549564723
ao1trl,Mafia the party game improvement &amp; cool card set,"I am a fan of the sociological game of Mafia. Playing it with friends pretty often, but eventually, I started feeling a need for more advanced props. I searched all over the internet and didn't find any decent set or just separate cards. Additionally, the cards I've found were too expensive with their ugly looks. After finding a graphics artist in two months we prepared images for the cards and overall design. I also studied different ""flavors"" of that game to pick up interesting mechanics and roles. Pumped the number of roles from classical 3 to 19 and it's all in an offline face to face game! I have tried out how it works with my friends and they were really into the game because almost everyone receives a complicated role for the game. My friends and their friends were impressed by the level of involvement after adding just a few new roles, not saying about 16 new ones. Everyone has a purpose and goal during the game and everyone was performing. If you are as passionate as I am about gathering together with friends and having a good time then you should definitely check that out. [I am sharing my card set and improved rules with everyone!](https://mailchi.mp/979bdfe49938/road_to_ks) I strongly believe that this card set would help to make your game awesome.",1549529751
aojt78,Maze runner like BR,"Features (Expanding) 1.A constantly changing maze, never the same at the start of the match and different from how it started at the end. 2. The objective is survive your trip to the center of the maze while watching out for other players, pve enemies and traps. 3. The maze would be evenly split into four squares (each with their own thematic: overgrown fauna, misty swamp , warn-torn, and etc). Everyone spawns in the farthest walls from the center, divide by walls to avoid immediate conflict. 4. There will be pick ups like every other game, think PUBG and Blackout. Ex: Unconventional weapons, grapple gun, etc. 5. At the end of each quadrant there will be a safe zone for the first team that gets there, which with allow them to either resupply or trigger a huge AoE trap in their square. Ex: Flood passage ways, slam shut adjacent walls, trigger extra pitfall traps, etc. 6. Hand to hand combat would be viable but not recommended for every encounter. You can block, dodge, counter and string attacks. 7. You can scale walls that are realistically able to be scaled, to go through them. If for some reason you are able to scale to the top of the wall, you will promptly face danger, so as to make you go back down. 8. When the timer clicks the walls will slowly close in, effectively creating anxiety and closing off familiar passages. Once they are outside the designated area, it means they are fully shut. Any suggestions appreciated! ",1549652493
aoqlur,Thread: Social interactions with NPC's,"I have noticed that quite often in video games I don't feel like social interactions interesting and I find myself just skipping them. Yet I don't have a problem in following conversations in movies and television. I'll try to find out why is that and what could be done to enhance video game interactions. The first problem is of course weak writing. In monkey island games I had no problem in reading everything because every line of text was hilarious and informative. So this problem his is ""easy"" to fix: get better writers (which is of course sometimes easier said than done). Second thing is voice acting. It's easier to follow a conversation that is voice acted than just reading a wall of text. This is also an ""easy"" fix. But then comes some things that I haven't seen much in video games. First of all dialogue vs monologue. I think that there are a lot of monologues in video games, and those aren't as interesting as dialogues. In Game of Thrones tv show a dialogue can be super exciting because different characters are whipping each other with subtle verbal attacks and such. There are not that much monologues. I understand that this is not an easy thing to fix, but I think that making NPC's to speak by themselves in interesting way would be a start. Followed by a system where the player can interrupt that conversation at any time and where all other characters would react to that in believable way. It's a lot of work and hard thing to do, but not impossible, I don't think. And next point is where I got the whole idea for this text. Starting conversations. I kinda hate the popular system where you have a ""talk to""-button on your controller, which you use on people that stand still and wait for being spoke to. When they are spoken to, they explain in detail what they need and where to get it. This is understandable when you talk to a shopkeeper or someone else who is there to serve you, but not to everybody. Real people first of all won't talk about everything with total strangers. They notice themselves while doing something else, first making an eye contact, followed by a greeting and short explanation on what they were doing. And if that thing is urgent, the conversation won't continue. And if it does continue, they start the conversation with small talk, and if they need something, it might come up. When the conversation ends, you can't just talk to same person again without some reason and explanation about why you started it again. The point is that conversations can't be just started without consent from the other people. I understand that a lot of what I described can be boring in a video game and it would be hard to control in real time if the conversation was voice acted. But I don't think it would be impossible to implement in some way. In Zelda: Wind Waker there is an NPC who comes to you and forces you to get into conversation with him if he sees you. That was wonderful way to tell the player how annoying it must be for the NPC's to get forced into conversations whenever the opposing side wants it. This has so long history in video games that it would be a hard thing to fix. ""Oh, what did she say? I'll just talk to her again"" is the mindset that should be gotten rid of. I'm thinking of kind of a reputation system where people would not open up for you if you do weird things to them, like force them into conversations without consent and talk about the same things over and over again in short time. If you behave politely, they will start telling their problems to you and you can tell them your problems, in which they can maybe help you. This could end up being really boring and stupid, but I think it would be worth testing. This is all I can think of right now. What do you guys think? What could be done to get interaction with NPC's more engaging and interesting? Are my thoughts really stupid or is there some truth in them?",1549701720
amxr4v,A VR game where you recreate parts of a movie,Since VR games are becoming big I think it would be super cool where it's a game where your job is to recreate iconic scenes from movies. Similar to VR chat it would use the avatar of the person you are acting out and then your objective is to match the scene in terms of movement like Dance Central or Just Dance. I think it would be a cool concept. Your thoughts?,1549252769
anvd82,One Kingdom,"Just thought of this so please be gentle I know it's alot but I need to get it all down while I'm in the moment lol. Inspired somewhat by The Last Kingdom, Total War Thrones of Britannia and Kingdom Come Deliverence. Dragon Age Inquisition. RPG. Set in Anglo-Saxon England. Roughly historical not entirely accurate to allow for player freedom and unique experiences to each player. You play a young Anglo-Saxon warrior, male or female your choice, custom appearance, voiced character. Raised by farmers, trained by father who was once a soldier in the service of a local lord and has seen conflict with Danes, Scots and Welshmen. A small gang of Danes come for (shelter and food) a deception, mother is killed Infront of you, you and father fight and kill the Danes, but father is mortally wounded in the process, he dies in your arms asking in dispair if one day our people would know peace. Young warrior sets off motivated by his father's question, will our people one day know peace. You choose one of 3 factions to join, Wessex, Mercia or Northumbria, you must work your way up through the ranks gaining fame in battle and favour with the noble elite, you are given your own command, your own soldiers, you make your own colours and your own banner, you decide what kind of force you command, you can change it, decide how your soldiers are outfitted. You have your own intelligence network you can setup throughout the kingdoms. You realise you can now be the one to bring peace. You go on a conquest, using force, intrigue, diplomacy, any and all methods at your disposal it's all your choice. You can inspire the masses or rule with an iron fist. You will take lands and lose lands, your goal is to become United under one kingdom, one people, your kingdom, your people. You can change your faction from within, become nationalistic or diverse in accpetijg Danes and others, and eventually create your own unique England with your own style. With which you can decide on technological, religious, political and foreign issues. You could create DLC's where you could take your vision to the wild Welsh Scots and Irish and even take the fight to the Vikings. I've tried to cover the bases here I'm sorry for babbling. Any additional information I'd be happy to add and feedback would be appreciated. ",1549486306
anwt7x,Skyrim Crosses Mount and Blade,"You're Thrown into a massive world with different factions. Medieval kingdoms, Elves, Dwarves, Orcs, Demons. With a deep RPG system you can venture off into the wilderness and forge your own path. Join the army, set up a market stall, make a living of farming, become a bandit! A prostitute? Of course, hell, there is even a ""Pleasure"" skill. The posibilities are endless! Looking for something more ambitious? Build something of your own! Through hard work you can get permission from a lord to build upon their lands and start a village. Hire miners to gather iron and Smiths to make weapons and armors for your soldiers! Get funded by the enemy lord and overthrow your original superior to become a king! **Powersystem:** The gods watch over the battlefield. They see injustice all over. Kings are greedy pigs, and treat their people like animals. They starve, are sick and freeze. Adventurers however and religious orders are more favored however. Do you want to be a king with lots of combat experience and a huge army? Or an Adventurer that can breathe fire and call upon dragons? The Choice is yours. You can't be both though.. unless you work very hard. **Story:** The main story is the same for everyone, its just your way to find out how you want to solve it. Evil orcs and demon lords threatning to destroy mankind. Embark on an amazing journey with multiple companions you find along the way, or forge alliances and crush the opposition with your powerful army. The choice is yours. **Different Paths:** Leader of the Crusade of light? Feel this world must be cleansed off dirty filth? Abandon the light and kneel before the demon lords. Not fan of being a boring human? No problem, start the game as an Orc or an elf! (Beware their societies are vastly different, and they have different gods. Want to rule a clan? Challenge their chieftain. Warning: They are incredibly powerful and blessed by the orcish gods). Want to become an insane hermit living deep within the swarm that unleashes a plague upon a nearby town creating an army of loyal werewolves? Do it **Death:** When you die, you can choose to be resurrected, reload, or you can choose to end your character right there, which prompts you with creating a new one starting from scratch. Depending on what your previous character did there will be effects. Was he a nobody? Who cares, not even a grave. Was he the emperor that died fighting the burning hells? Ascend to god status! A tyrant? people will defile your grave. Beware though, your kingdom could fall into chaos with multiple successors **Family:** If you have relatives, you can choose to play as them should you choose to kill your characters. They have developed their own skills and have their own inventories so you dont have to start ENTIRELY from scratch. &amp;#x200B; Come on, why cant a massive game like this exist &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;",1549493923
anpz4o,An idea for a game about a mailman,"What if there was a game that follows a mailman, he drives a car, delivers mail, whatever. He's new to the neighborhood and just started his new job. Obviously people aren't the nicest to him and he's very underappreciated. You have to do nice things to people to gain respect. Maybe he can strike a conversation if you press a button, he could give dogs treats, he could maybe even give candy to kids, if he's trusted enough. This game should be positive all around, or it could take a dark turn if you want to. You're the one making the game after all.",1549454159
anqc2u,Assassins Creed: Purity,"So I have been thinking about a new setting for the AC series and I looked and all I can see are ideas set in the Viking age or the Mayan age but I thought to myself why not set a game just before the outbreak of the Second World War, where you play as a German Assassin tasked with finding out how Hitler has managed to rally so much power in so little time. Then I came up with this. Assassins Creed: Purity. I will dive into the skeleton of the game here as there is a lot to cover but if this is something that whets your appetite then I will leave a link to my blog at the end! :) Anyway let's get down to it! So you are born into a family of medium standing. More importantly than that you are born at a time where Adolf Hitler is in the process of creating his Third Reich. As a child you witness the fire at the Reichstag. However, despite all the propaganda your parents are not keen on Hitler and think he is a power hungry dictator. You are asleep in the middle of the night when there is a bang at the door. Your father gets up to answer it and all of a sudden you hear screaming as your mother gets pulled from her room and you see your parents getting pulled into the night by the Gestapo. You panic. You begin to run the streets begging for help when a man stops and asks him what's wrong. You very basically explain what had happened and the guy takes you in. He begins to train you in self defence so that this sort of thing would never happen to you. You learn more and years pass. One day your mentor sits you down and explains that there is no more to teach you. And now you had a choice, you could go back to trying to live your life or you could go on to avenge your parents and help free Germany from Nazi tyranny. You decide to help free your homeland and get payback. And it is then he tell you the truth about who he is. He is an Assassin and he has been training you to be one. You meet the Order and begin to learn more about the Nazi regime and their propaganda. And you learn why your parents were taken. The Order then fully inducts you into the brotherhood and you are given a mission. Try to find out why Hitler has gathered so much support and if possible end his life. Here is where I go into more detail but I'm aware this post is getting long so I will skip this but the basics are you find out he's rallied the masses by using an Apple of Eden, you go through missions taking down his cabinet and learn he has found a new P.O.E located in Poland and wants he (hence the invasion of Poland) After you learn all this, you learn that Hitler will be attending an open gala in Berlin tonight. You think about going to the Order first but you decided not to and go straight away. Hitler must pay. Again I will skip the detail here but you get him into a room and begin to fight. You throw him to the ground and unveil your hidden blade. You think to yourself you are going to change the course of history and avenge your parents but at the last second, Hitler pulls out a gun and shoots you in the head. The game fades and ends. This is a skeleton of the game. I go into loads more detail on my blog, I speak about his targets, the possibility of co working with the Templars like in AC3, the modern day aspect of the game and so much more! So if you wanna check it out here is the link - https://thatgamerguy.com/games-wed-like-to-see-assassins-creed-purity/ This was my first ever post on my blog and I really put my heart and soul into this so any ways you think I could make it better would be great! And I'm more than willing to discuss any aspects of the game with you! If you made it this far then thank you and I hope to hear your opinion on my idea! :)",1549457014
anxp6l,"First person shooter inspiration by old school shooters &amp; modern shooters,developed two best developers one made Painkillers,Gears of War &amp; Bulletstorm,and other revived Grandfather of FPS genre","Two years ago back in 2016,i have created this idea for Action First Person Shooter game while back in 2017 in it development calling game ""Planet"". It take couple or more years making happened plus learning about making a video game like programming,music,gameplay,engine, writing and mostly everything to very details. Already laying out everything story,character and almost everything how got prefect Developers and Publishers. People Can Fly (Developers of Painkiller,Gears of War:Judgment and Bulletstorm: Full Clip Edition) and MachineGames (Developers of Wolfenstein) also Certain Affinity . With Bethesda ( published games like Doom,The Elder Scrolls,Fallout,Rage,Dishonored,The Evil Within and Prey). Also got voice cast members are prefect Matthew Mercer,Nika Futterman,Lucie Pohl,Alesia Glidewell,Me(also as addition voice,one of co writer,director,beta tester and executive prouder) and few voices needing to cast in game. Gameplay be mix of old schools (Doom,Wolfenstein 3D,Quake,Duke Nukem 3D,Serious Sam and Shadow Warrior) and modern (Bulletstorm,F.E.A.R.Halo,The Darkness,Crysis and Black) similar to 2016 reboot of DOOM,Painkiller,Bulletstorm and Wolfsenstein,reason use Bethesda for they engine id Tech 6 or maybe id Tech 7 use for Planet wanting feel game more live with equipment,places like city or rainforest,characters and every detail in game,plus the kills melee system like in Doom ""Glory Kill"" or ""Executions"" from Gears of war like that. Noting more say about gameplay but still wanted to talk about it in future like at QuakeCon,PAX or E3 presentation about Planet Now story well this bit interest to say,Fallen Warrior (as player) awaking up on battlecruiser starship it under attack some strange animals/demon's hybrid like rats or inflect humans like zombie,you gone up grab you're suit and weapons shooting though enemies on ship and helped the soldiers in fight. Then in half way in hallway you're greeted to mercenary pirate hunter (voice Matthew Mercer) offer to help to get off this ship but ship engine is destroyed by some bigger both of you crushing landing on ""Durial"" a apocalyptic hell hole filled with demon's hybrids call ""infects"" and mutant gang bandits call ""Quasit"" with planet population humanity civilization decreased 89% (remained humans are escaped from Durial or living underground). You (Play as Fallen Warrior) and Mercenary join together though this hell so call planet finding away off this world,but later met this female soldier (voice by Nika Futterman) officer them taking to her people behind this operating on Durial. All went to hell,Demons are ripped this parallel dimension to invade to taking over Durial and merged this world and rest of planets in solar system they own, Now Grimm Warrior wanting stop hell invasion . Plan change now it up to Grimm Warrior join by Soldier and Mercenary adventure thoughts cities,rainforest planets and even hell alone (that you). Enemies will bigger,challenging,brutal and rage. But you be even more worst and scared some enemies to hidden in where they from,doing that with some back up Story sound familiar and it unoriginal (like PCF and Id other games not to name) but it was inspiration from not only games self as will also movies and novels as well like Planet of the apes,Predators,After Earth,Jurassic Park (there novel series before films) and Pitch Black give me idea and concept story for Planet. What do you guys think about my future game idea incredible is going hit with development by two amazing games developers one made gears of war and one reimagine/revision grandfather of all first person shooters all together give us a step grandson to Wolfenstein,Doom and Quake. Wanting a lore behind events and history like Durial not let you guys (gamers) felt confused what going on in world of Planet get concept lore in my head needing writing down and feasting whole thing out, alsoand who is Grimm Warrior (or prefer Fallen Knight) let say Planet have a tire in connection with Doom not saying they in share universe. But Grimm Warrior and Doom Slayer once knew each they will allies,enemies or who know? only time will tale. In like 10 or 11 years going make this game happened will turning into reality and will guys going love ""Planet"" going 9/10. It will having everything you guys love like from all you're old schools and new schools shooter's, it pay on that ",1549499168
ap3np4,Any ideas for local multiplayer PC game?,"Hey people, I'm looking for ideas for a local multiplayer PC game. Should be something simple and uncomplicated, but fun. I'm especially interested in versus game mode and not coop. I'm working with Unreal Engine. So the game can be in both 2D and 3D. No VR ideas please. The game should be playable with 2 players up to at least 4 players. Any help is greatly appreciated! Thanks",1549803327
aoy0mj,A mechanic idea for mmo crafting type games like Rust and Ark...,"Ive played rust but i dont have the time to play around the clock, or risk logging in to see everything wiped. I want to see a game have servers that are locked through most of the day, and each server has a specific period when its open. So to be clear at any point in time you can find a server to play on, but for people who only want to play 2 or 3 hours in a day or whatever, they can join a server that might have hundreds of players but its only open from 5:30pm to 8:30pm or whatever, so they can play 3 hours a day when they get home from work. The server freezes the game when it closes and everything is in the same location when it opens the next day.",1549754119
ap8lnm,Dragon Ball RPG (Project Z),"So for 2019 they announced a new Dragon Ball RPG currently titled Project Z. So far, the game looks visually great and I have high hopes for it. The one thing I'm a bit critical about is the main story seems to be the Saiyan Saga and the Frieza Saga. I know it's only a teaser and it's not that they're bad stories but I feel people are too familiar with them. For example, in the Frieza Saga Vegeta fights against Frieza. If this was in the game then even if you won as Vegeta, in the end Frieza would kill him in order to carry on the Saga since that's how it goes. The only thing that would happen if you lost as Vegeta is you'd have to restart the battle. People who are fans of the franchise know the story losing it's interest, having only to rely on the gameplay which they could focus on but would stray closer to being a fighting game. How'd I want a Dragon Ball RPG to go is to use completely new characters but take place in the Dragon Ball world. For the protagonist you could customise a character, choose races such as Human, Saiyan, Namekian, Android etc and give them different campaigns i.e. An Android who's escaped from the Red Ribbon Army, A Namekian left behind when the others left Earth, A Human who's father was a legendary martial artist etc. I'd focus it a bit more to original Dragon Ball than DBZ, befriending characters to add to your party, go on adventures to find the dragon balls, enter the World's Martial Arts Tournament and learn your own ki moves. I wouldn't completely stray away from the main series but not mess around with the canon story, say for instance you fight in the World's Martial Arts Tournament while the Z-Fighters are training for the androids, learn some techniques from Master Roshi or Tien Shinhan after the Cell Games have taken place, while your on a mission you sense Majin Buu's awakening or Goku's Super Saiyan 3 transformation. In terms of a narrative structure, why not just follow along the same the series has with each character. Dragon Ball has Goku and the Z-fighters go on adventures and train while meeting new friends and defeating more enemies until the start of Z when Raditz shows up it's a constant fight for survival against cosmic evil. I think that's a great formula to follow along. Have your character go through different Saga's of their own, getting stronger and growing up until it's one final epic Saga that really pushes your character to their limit i.e. A Saiyan protagonist fighting against a Tuffle hunting them down, a Namekian fighting one of Frieza/King Cold's strongest warrior, a Human fighting against an evil Kai, something that really pushes both the stakes of the battle and an emotional boundary with your protagonist. I've probably thought too much about this. I think with Fighterz, the Tournament of Power and Broly, the franchise has increased in terms of quality and with this title being promoted I felt that they could've gone a different direction.",1549833782
ap8hvc,Dragon Ball RPG,"So for 2019 they announced a new Dragon Ball RPG currently titled Project Z. So far, the game looks visually great and I have high hopes for it. The one thing I'm a bit critical about is the main story seems to be the Saiyan Saga and the Frieza Saga. I know it's only a teaser and it's not that they're bad stories but I feel people are too familiar with them. For example, in the Frieza Saga Vegeta fights against Frieza. If this was in the game then even if you won as Vegeta, in the end Frieza would kill him in order to carry on the Saga since that's how it goes. The only thing that would happen if you lost as Vegeta is you'd have to restart the battle. People who are fans of the franchise know the story losing it's interest, having only to rely on the gameplay which they could focus on but would stray closer to being a fighting game. How'd I want a Dragon Ball RPG to go is to use completely new characters but take place in the Dragon Ball world. For the protagonist you could customise a character, choose races such as Human, Saiyan, Namekian, Android etc and give them different campaigns i.e. An Android who's escaped from the Red Ribbon Army, A Namekian left behind when the others left Earth, A Human who's father was a legendary martial artist etc. I'd focus it a bit more to original Dragon Ball than DBZ, befriending characters to add to your party, go on adventures to find the dragon balls, enter the World's Martial Arts Tournament and learn your own ki moves. I wouldn't completely stray away from the main series but not mess around with the canon story, say for instance you fight in the World's Martial Arts Tournament while the Z-Fighters are training for the androids, learn some techniques from Master Roshi or Tien Shinhan after the Cell Games have taken place, while your on a mission you sense Majin Buu's awakening or Goku's Super Saiyan 3 transformation. In terms of a narrative structure, why not just follow along the same the series has with each character. Dragon Ball has Goku and the Z-fighters go on adventures and train while meeting new friends and defeating more enemies until the start of Z when Raditz shows up it's a constant fight for survival against cosmic evil. I think that's a great formula to follow along. Have your character go through different Saga's of their own, getting stronger and growing up until it's one final epic Saga that really pushes your character to their limit i.e. A Saiyan protagonist fighting against a Tuffle hunting them down, a Namekian fighting one of Frieza/King Cold's strongest warrior, a Human fighting against an evil Kai, something that really pushes both the stakes of the battle and an emotional boundary with your protagonist. I've probably thought too much about this. I think with Fighterz, the Tournament of Power and Broly, the franchise has increased in terms of quality and with this title being promoted I felt that they could've gone a different direction.",1549833175
aoym4w,A surfing sim.,"A game about surfing, where you can customise your boards, shirts , leg ropes etc. waves can knock you off your board, and to stay staind up on your board you need to complete a quick time event of some sort.",1549757952
aowvxp,[Request] Horror Game Idea!,"**Helllo There** &amp;#x200B; So, as said in the title, I'm confused and can't seem to find a **short horror game idea** (15 min tops walkthrough). However, I have some 'concept', I want it to be about mental disorders, or suicide, I don't mind different perspectives (the villain/ the hero kind of things). Please post some ideas below, I'd be thankful! ",1549747265
aojzm1,Need ideas for a single-player first person game.,"I'm learning how to develop a game, and was looking for an idea to pursue. I usually try to think of a setting, basic plot, and protagonist first and let the mechanics come from there. But I'm struggling to find a coherent idea, all I know for certain is I want to develop something single-player and first-person. I'd appreciate any ideas you guys can throw my way to help me get started!",1549653490
aotqae,Harem Anime Protagonist Simulator,"A tongue in cheek simulation game, like the Sims, in which the player creates his/her own character, including customizing its appearance and picking a special power. The player controls the daily life of the character (who is a Japanese high schooler, of course), on home, school, club activities, part time job, etc. During gameplay, some random enemies will target the player - demon lords, secret organizations, the yakuza, aliens, robots, delinquents, etc. The player's character will fight those enemies using its special power. Meanwhile, characters of the opposing gender of the character (and traps as well) will show up and fall in love with the player's character. Eventually those love interests end up living with the player's character, who will have to protect and take care of them (including feeding them and help them study). The player's character doesn't need to do this all by himself/herself, as he/she can ask the love interests to do tasks. The love interests will have different skills and personalities. The player will have to make its character interact with the love interests in order to increase their affection, otherwise they won't do the tasks requests by the player. The game would have a light hearted tone, as it would be a satire on harem animes.",1549729259
anfvpb,"IF I WERE TO SAY 'BATTLEROYALE GAME' YOU'D CLICK AWAY, PLS DON'T. JUST HEAR ME OUT.","So I know there has been countless ideas after outbreak of one of the most interesting game genre. Also, AAA developers has already pitched in their best ideas and made games like PUBG, Fortnite, Ring of Elysium, Realm Royale, etc. and many more to come. However, there has not been, if not already under development, a mediaeval battle royale game. A mediaeval battle royale with most realistic settings. Location: There can be places like a castles and mountains, rivers, lakes, forests, deserts, etc. Moreover, we can also put god monuments(It's a secret tool that'll help us later). Weapons: There aren't many weapons to put here. So we can have different attachments or different abilities with same weapon. Weapons like Club, Swords and other related weapons, Bow-Arrow, Crossbows, Boomerangs, Slings, &gt;!EVEN FRICKING CATAPULTS!&lt;. Weapons list should not only be limited to being solid or non-organic. We can also put weapons like Bee hives(That'll do damage over time). At this point it seems that only ranged weapons are feasible because there isn't much mobility in mediaeval times. Yes. But melee weapons can be secondary. Primary has to be ranged. Now, only crossbows and Bow-Arrow isn't much fun. We can have custom tips for arrows or bolts. * Fire arrows * Poison arrows * Enchanted arrows, that'll do magic. This can also be applied for slings, boomerangs and even FRICKING CATAPULTS! There are god monuments at certain places. Submitting enough (certain items) will impress the gods, and make gods grant us powers. MAGIC. Praising different gods grants different powers. It's up to us what god to praise and where we want to put magic in. God powers can be so varied. This is where we can make it interesting. There are certain animals in the wild. We can either kill it for items like armor, food or we can tame it to use it as ride. We can tame different animals with help of different god powers. Once you kill and equip certain animal's hide, you can't tame the same specie to use it as ride. We can make the animal attack enemies or not I haven't decided it yet. Animal taming isn't limited to giant ones. We can use birds to scout. Other small animals to act as suicide bombers that bring bee hives to enemies, etc. I feel there can be many more things to this game, so I'd love it if you guys were to comment some ideas too. Thanks :)",1549384744
anklg6,Need ideas for a simple MMO,"I have a semester long project to make an MMO, it doesnt technically have to be a game but I think it will be more fun if it is so i came to this sub. The requirements are that there must be no upper bound on amount of users, and all users must be able to interact with each other in real time. I also need to make a web version and a desktop version and so far I was thinking of doing a sandbox type game with basic building and survival. but if anyone has an idea that they think would fit this id be glad to hear it.",1549411813
anoyem,Game idea Discussion," For a college project we have come up with 3 different game ideas in which to take into production, although we are unsure on which one to choose. Would it be possible for you to give us some feedback on each idea and tell us what idea would be the best to pursue. ***TL;DR included for all ideas*** **Game Idea 1: The Bountyless** A small group of misfit bounty hunters get the bounty of a lifetime to kill a powerful dictator. They are joined by an assassin with a personal grudge against the leader but a blurred past and makes the once fun atmosphere more militarized, annoying the team leader. After taking out the target they reveal a deeper conspiracy and have to decide to either unravel it for the greater of the people or carry on with your bounty hunter ways. You can play the game with up to 3 other people with local co-op (split screen) and choose from the members of the team, each having their own abilities and roles to support their friends. The other players aren't tied to player 1 like other games. They have the freedom to go anywhere in the level they want and even take separate missions to player 1. Despite this, they are also strong enough alone to be able to play the game solo. The game plays like an immersive sim RPG like that of Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic or Deus Ex and will allow you to solve things without fighting, with stealth, or by hitting it head on with full force. you also get a chance to form bonds with each of the team and to find out more about their past and how they came to join the team. ***TL;DR: Your team compete with other teams to take get cash in on the highest bounty in history.*** **Game Idea 2: Operation: Black Book** You are a black ops assassin that has been abandoned by your country. You decide to build a team to get revenge that is based on a ship that you are able to upgrade and improve as the years go on. You are able to attack other NPCs and player ships to gather resources and go down a research tree. You can take the ship all the way from 1968 to the 3000s so that you can have spaceships. You are able to make extensive plans and build interesting teams to either destroy or steal from other players. It's a ship version of Day Z with a large open ocean and islands to explore and build up more and more resources and weaponry to keep you safe and to combat others. ***TL;DR: You build up a ship, boat based day z*** **Game Idea 3: Mind Shifted** You are an assassin bot made by a galactic government to take out targets that threaten their power. After a botched assassination you are discovered and the government is forced to declare that you are not theirs and you become a fugitive. You are now forced to flee from the law enforcement and either build up to take revenge violently or to instead take revenge by exposing the corrupt leaders, all you need is solid evidence. You use a ship as a mobile command centre and travel to different planets either helping people or taking assassination requests. All in the name of getting you closer to your revenge. ***TL;DR: Revenge on your creators.*** Thank you for taking your time to read this and any input would really help us.",1549444095
ao5tqr,A clicker," [**Hello everyone. I want to make a game about business, where you decide what kind of business you want to do. You can be successful game developer or maybe famous milkman) Create your successful way in life. What do you think about it ?**](https://www.reddit.com/r/GameDevelopment/comments/ao5aki/hello_everyone_i_want_to_make_a_game_about/) ",1549558829
ap7a89,Survival Open-World Game Form,Hey I wanted to get some input directly from the gaming community about Survival open-world type games. I would really appreciate if you would complete this quick google form to help me out. Thanks =) &amp;#x200B; [https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSddhWdHIR4uczXEHgldJtG0Mq\_l0yY9iOq2FQ5vYQpiluhZVA/viewform?usp=sf\_link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSddhWdHIR4uczXEHgldJtG0Mq_l0yY9iOq2FQ5vYQpiluhZVA/viewform?usp=sf_link),1549826601
ap1gqj,Urban BR,"Like I know this prolly has gotten posted before but a BR game with Battlefield 3/4 urban style maps (lots of tall buildings, subways, etc) would be sick. Close quarters fighting in the skyscrapers, snipers on the top of towards picking people off. Like maybe add zip lines so you can have some movement options but like a BR on siege of shanghai/metro would be all I’d play ",1549779702
aor4hj,https://youtu.be/RzcqwlVznEs,my Scum video check it out please :),1549707337
apbcal,Share my idea game,"I have a story for game development, that story in GitHub https://github.com/3GODS/Stories i hope it helpful for you.",1549851009
ap9wpk,Mad Max Battle Royale,"I know people are getting tired of the influx of Battle Royale games, but let's face it - our problem isn't with the concept of Battle Royale (because it's a great concept for a competitive game), it's with the fact that they're all too similar. When I try to think of a way to change up the formula in some way that would still have broad appeal, one game comes to mind as a PERFECT marriage in terms of existing mechanics and lore, if that's important to anyone: &amp;#x200B; Avalanche's 2015 Mad Max game. It already has most of the mechanics needed for a Battle Royale game, you'd just need to make some tweaks. **The Combat-** Vehicular by nature, the combat wouldn't be changed much from the standard game. Seriously, don't fuck with it - this is what will make the game unique. You've got the momentum-based car damage system in which the heaviest vehicle or the vehicle with the most momentum deals the most damage in a crash, so there's a tactic - collect heavy armor upgrades and tank your way to victory. Or, hot-rod your car out with light armor and a fast motor, and focus on your weapon-based attacks, such as the Thunderpoons (projectile explosives) or the Harpoon (strips away armor and eventually parts like tires and doors, etc). However, being a Battle Royale game, you will want short skirmishes, otherwise matches will take forever - so vehicle health will be relatively low. Ripping the door off of a competitor's car merely requires a well-placed shot with the Harpoon, and then the driver is exposed to be ripped out of the car via harpoon, or perhaps you can board their vehicle and hijack it. If you're traveling in a group, you can team up on someone like this - one car harpoons the door off, another driver jumps out to melee the driver and take their car. It would feel very much like what I imagine the Mad Max world would be like - a vicious vehicular mugging, or something not unlike wolves attacking a deer and ripping it apart. You'd need to keep the on-foot stuff as well. On-foot combat will be clunky and survivalist - you need to get back to your car to be effective - but it'll be there. Same controls, same weight, same lag as the single player - again, you want players to focus on car combat, but the option still needs to be present. If you wreck your car, your game isn't over - you can still fend off attackers and maybe commandeer one of their vehicles. Buildings will house special loot that rewards on-foot exploration, but again, it's a big risk to leave your vehicle for long. Risk and reward, big factors in this type of game. &amp;#x200B; ""Downing"" an enemy comes in the form of crippling their car (it can be repaired). When they're on foot, consider this effectively the same as crawling around bleeding out in other BR games - except that they're not on a timer, they can stay on foot as long as they can avoid being killed by another player or as the play area reduces (both of which are inevitable if you're not in a vehicle). **The In-Between-** Your car needs fuel and so does your body. Jerry Cans are always dropped from destroyed vehicles. You get MORE fuel from crippled by not destroyed vehicles, and even MORE fuel from non-crippled vehicles (which encourages some thought to your actions - need fuel desperately enough to take the time to try to pluck the driver out of their car instead of just destroying the car?). Jerry Cans can also be found in Muthaloot crates and some buildings. Killed players drop Canteens with water. There are water sources throughout the world too, which you can only access on foot. Hear a vehicle in the distance while you're filling up your Canteen? Now you have a choice - hope you've hidden your car well enough that it won't be spotted, or take whatever amount of water you've collected and get back to your car to flee. **The Upgrades-** The Muthaloot crate system in Mad Max translates perfectly to Battle Royale. See a special crate? Harpoon it and drag it to a safe place to open it. You might even run into situations where players are fighting over a crate, each trying to harpoon it and drag it away - what's more Mad Max than fighting over supplies? But instead of rewarding scrap metal like in the Single Player, it would reward upgrades to your vehicle. &amp;#x200B; Heavy armor makes you stronger but slows you down and consumes more fuel. Light armor leaves you vulnerable but you're faster and more maneuverable. Ramming bumpers reduce damage from collisions but slow you down. Spiky armor prevents players from jumping onto your vehicle but again, add weight. It's a trade off - be nimble and focus on your ranged attacks (Harpoon, Thunderpoons etc), or be slower and less maneuverable but have the ability to shove lighter cars around like they're nothing? A boosted slam attack by a heavy car vs a lighter car will cause SIGNIFICANT ramming damage. **Reducing the Play Area-** Again, a feature already exists in the game that can be easily modified for this purpose - the sand storms. In Single Player, the sandstorms are dangerous because you can be hit with debris or struck with lightning and damaged. So take the sandstorms and basically create a persisting sand storm that encircles the playable area. Everything outside the ""blue circle"" is deadly - lightning strikes, debris, near-zero visibility. You CAN survive it, but not for long. Everything between the ""blue circle"" and the ""white circle"" is a relatively light dust storm - windy, dusty, lowered viability but nothing really dangerous. And of course everything within the white circle is the playable area where there is no storm. **The Drop-In-** This is the part that I'm having trouble with. It doesn't make sense to parachute in. You could maybe do something with the hot air balloons, but that would maybe seem silly and then you'd still have to get players to their vehicles. &amp;#x200B; You could do something trippy like have each player start as an ethereal crow flying around and as you fly down to the ground, your character drives into frame in the car and then when you get close you assume control of the character/car... Or maybe just skip the drop-in altogether and let players pick their spawns, and the game will just put you in the general area. The map is big enough that you can space out spawns enough. **The Lore-** I mean, could it be more perfect? Isn't every Battle Royale game just a Mad Max type world where everyone is savage and fighting to survive? Now you've got a PERFECT fictional universe for this type of game - the world has ended, the survivors are insane, and everyone fights over the remnants of what once was. In normal Battle Royale, you don't really have a reason to kill each other - you're just placed into this world and told to fight. In Mad Max, you fight to survive. You kill others to take their water, fuel and ammo. You HAVE to do this, or you WILL die. This isn't a Red vs. Blue type scenario where you are just killing the other dudes because they're not your dudes - this is a ""I need fuel to make it to the safe zone, and there's a car, it has fuel cans, so i have to take their fuel so I can survive"" sort of situation. It's just absolutely perfect. Anyway... I think if a vehicular battle royale is to be done well, there's no better franchise than Mad Max to attach it to. ",1549841508
ao9z4y,Business Simulator/Roleplay,"I've searched for something like this, and I've found similar concepts, but nothing quite like it. What if you had a game where you control an avatar similar to that of Second Life or The Sims, but which prioritizes becoming an employee of another company, or starting your own. This would obviously include some sort of virtual currency. You could have sim businesses all competing, a sim government to make laws and tons and tons of sim careers. These would all be controlled by people in the game. The structure would allow for hundreds and hundreds of different kinds of businesses, which would probably take a lot of work. The game should incentivize the purchase of necessary products by threat of idk... dying without groceries, shelter, electricity etc. This would already guarantee a market for supercenters and housing companies. I haven't thought of a way to incentivize players to purchase luxury, non-essential products, however. Is this already a thing, cause I feel like it could make a pretty enjoyable game. ",1549581269
ao0kby,Old-school 2D RPG with MMO component - throw me your ideas,,1549518331
aoqowg,Color Blind Bomb Defusal,"*You're the only person in the room, and a bomb is about to explode in a few minutes. You have all the tools to defuse it. Only problem is that you're color blind.* As the title says, the player is set to be ""colorblind"". The **""type"" of Color blindness may differ between each stage**(complete colorblindness, unable to distinguish red and green, etc.). * The player is in a room with an active C4 charge in the room. * Along side the C4 is a toolbox, containing a wire cutter needed for defusing the bomb. * Convenient poster with circles of colors that are labeled. * Poster used to figure out what color(s) the player is unable to see. * Most likely single player, I don't have any ideas for a multiplayer mode What are your thoughts on this? :)",1549702631
ap9wsi,Intelligent slime battling to take over the earth,"A scientist messed up bad and allowed a bunch of intelligent slimes loose into the world. Each slime block wants to rule the world so they all fight each other to become the best. Basically, this would be different from other battle royale games because: 1. There would be people with chemicals that would shrink your slime. If you are able to eat those people (by transforming into a puddle under them) then you are able to spew the chemical back out at other players later. 2. Instead of having multiple guns, vehicles, etc. everything would be made from yourself. So building walls would take slime from your block. Same with building floors, ceilings, etc. Traps could be slime puddles that trap other players or slow them down. 3. You can grow your slime by eating other players or finding small slime pieces throughout the map. Ingestible chemicals would also be placed throughout the map 4. In order to kill a player, you need to eat them. In order to eat a player, you need to be bigger than them. So if you come in contact with a player bigger than you your only chance is spray chemical at them to shrink them until you can eat them. Adding on to this, I was thinking about the chemical making the slime splatter towards the sprayer, so the smaller player (or the player spraying the chemical) has a chance to grow. I realize this game Idea may not be possible at all. If it sucks don't just say ""that's stupid"" tell me why too, please. This is just my idea for the game, however, I don't feel like learning code. If anyone does make this game please keep me updated. I'd even pay full price for the game when it comes out, I just wanna know about it.",1549841523
aok8fb,RPG where you play as a zombie trying to discover their past life,"Pretty much just what it says up there. I imagine the game would work best as a first-person game where you don't even know what you look like at first. The game starts with the zombie waking up and crawling out of a grave or something before shambling off, curious to discover its past. It'd have aspects kind of like a Metroidvania, where you're able to better interact with the world as you slowly learn to open doors, read, and communicate. The world have story cookie crumbs that you have to follow, as well as human characters that you can try to interact with, or eat. How all of that would work is still pretty rough in my head, and I'm not sure how it would work storywise. I'm thinking there may be a dichotomy to be had with character progression: Where you can choose to become more human so you can talk and reunite with your people, or become more undead and become extremely strong and durable. That's just my rough idea, I think it'd be cool.",1549654970
anxz7p,A card game called Auctioneer,"I'm playing with a concept for a 2 to 4 player game played with a standard deck of cards, pens, and paper. Looking for feedback. The aces are removed and shuffled face down. Each player picks one and views it. That's their suit. Each player begins with a budget of $1000 fictional dollars. A card is flipped up from the deck and that card is up for auction. Each player writes how much they're willing to bid for that card. Bidders write an even number of $20 or greater. The player with the highest bid wins the card. That bidder must deduct that amount from their $1000 budget. Losers always deduct $20. If there is a tie, there is another round of betting. Players must increase their score from the last round. The player with the highest score wins the card. If ties continue, rounds contine in this same way until someone wins the card. If you elect not to bid, $10 is deducted from your account. If no one bids on a card, another card is flipped and there are two items up for auctioned together in the next round. When a person no longer has sufficient funds to bid $20, they are out. If other players have at least $20, they may continue bidding. Even if only one player remains, they continue to play until their account has less than $20. Scoring ONE POINT - you win a 2 through 10 card that is not your suit TWO POINTS - a face card that is not your suit THREE POINTS - a 2 through 10 card that is your suit FIVE POINTS - a face card that is your suit Each player tallies the value of their cards and the highest wins the game. In the event of a tie, the player with the most cards of their own suit wins. ...interested in your thoughts!",1549500925
aom7s7,A Multiplayer War game where each player is one part of the tank crew.,"This idea is kind of inspired by Star Trek Bridge Crew. Basically one player is the commander who gets orders from the operation base and can go out of the cupola and might get hit by snipers, one is the gunner who aims the turret, machine gunner who uses the machine gun on infantry, and the driver who...drives. Maybe the infantry would be actual people and maybe they would be NPCs but any way it would be great as a first person game for tank fans ",1549666696
amza0x,I got my game ideas it should be talked about asap how do i post a screenshot of my ideas?,Btw it really needs to be seen ASAP😳🏃,1549264578
amz9fi,Realistic post-post-apocalyptic game where every creature is human.,"Sooo... according to real scientists, there's supposedly this massive extinction of all advanced life forms on earth, after humans destroy the planet by causing global warming to cook all the other species to death. But humans are more than likely to survive for the next few million years as the only remaining comparable animal life form. So essentially most microbes will die off but manage to mutate and adapt pretty easily, but all the cows and sharks and turtles and cheetahs die. All the pets die off, too, due to massive food shortages. People opt to eat them rather than eating each other... but... Time changes everything. After a few million years, humans speciate and stratify into very different creatures, but they all generally look like humans. Reminiscent of the ancient species that went extinct, some bark, some meow, some chirp. Some are super intelligent and take vacations in space, while some are super dumb and are used as pets or slave labor. Stray humans roam the back alleys, fighting over scraps of garbage, etc. Just change most any time you read 'animal' to 'human' and you get the entire future ecosystem. Yeah it's inspired partially by the Time Machine, but also by real climate science claims. I don't know for sure whether anyone has made a similar game, but it seems like a natural response to the world around us today. It could address all sorts of questions about what choices humanity will make over the next few millennia. It could span multiple planets purely populated by humans, where some areas had major genetic experiments, others had human cleansings, and still others had a lot of natural disasters that led to predator-prey relationships between various subspecies of humans... Just like the apocalyptic stories about robots that were popular before the current age of automation (I believe they delayed us technologically by a few decades) the popularization of post-apocalyptic fiction where humanlike beings are all that's left, and many are still ravenous for steak, just might help the cause of taking better care of the planet...",1549264432
ao1asy,"A VR game in which you keep putting on more ""VR headsets"" deeper into increasingly abstracted virtual worlds (Inception-style).","The game starts in the first ""layer"" in a realistic looking room with a human NPC playing some cool VR game. They take off their VR headset, hand it to you and insist you try out the game. Once you put it on you enter the game's second ""layer"". Each time you do, the world you enter is more abstracted/surreal and the gameplay is more fun. The first layer was a mostly boring room with a few things to interact with, while several layers down you're trying to fix a spaceship by entering its mainframe through a VR device, and yet even further down you're fighting a polygonal cyberdragon to reach the magical knight's cyber-helmet to go yet another layer deeper. Once you beat the game, you start taking off the helmets one by one until you reach the real world. What's the point? Everybody has at some point wondered if their whole world is just some TV show or movie. Something like The Truman Show. But since the shows/movies we watch are way more exciting than real life, *it must mean that whoever is watching your life must live in an even more boring world than yours.* The game would be about planting that showerthought in the player's head without explicitly saying it. ""Every layer down is more interesting and succinct, so a layer up from real life would be way more boring and uneventful.""",1549524487
aockkx,Free to play action survival open world post apocalyptic battle royale,"With popularity of free to play battle royal games like Apex Legends,Fortnite &amp; Ring of Elysium and we getting more subgenres of post apocalyptic video games like Far Cry New Dawn,Metro Exodus,Rage 2,The Division 2,Wasteland 3 &amp; Days Gone. Got ideas was not first come this idea for a post apocalyptic battle royale there was H1Z1,Fractured Lands &amp; Fear the Wolves but try change up from those my battle royale not trying be like other popular battle royal games you seen on steam and apps store but it focus on majority things others battle royal don't have a story,my post apocalyptic battle royale game have a rich lore behind events in game where are 3 factions you can choice from or choose solo that is factionless opinions you can choice,also there hub areas you can go shop for weapons,customized parts and outfits,talk to NPC,building you're home out ""that you're menu"" and when you're really out to battlefield maps,for this battle royal there no circles and there 50 limit player's ",1549598229
ao02yh,"A mod to Counter Strike where the further away your enemy is, the further back in time you see them","In very close quarters combat, the game is practically the same. If your enemy is very far away, where you see them is where they were maybe 2 seconds ago. So just shooting at what you see might not be effective if they've moved in the past two seconds. Might be interesting, idk",1549514845
aot77v,RTS meets City Builder,"(Compatible with my previous idea: https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/aniq8y/rts_with_fully_customisable_factions_buildings/) This idea is an attempt to create a RTS like Age of Empires with elements from City Building games like the Caesar/Pharaoh series or Tropico. This has been done before with games like Stronghold or The Settlers; my idea is another way of mixing the two genres. The gameplay is mostly like Age of Empires or Age of Mythology, but with the following features: First, the player controls a hero unit; the player loses if that unit is killed. That hero unit is customisable. The player would be able to directly cast spells / skills. Like most RTS games, while military and civilian units may act automatically, the player has the power to directly control them (both military and civilian). There are separated population caps for civilian units and military units. Example: each house built would increases both caps by, say, 10. That means 10 military units and 10 civilian units; 20 in total. Each unit (both civilian and military) consumes 1 point of food for every X minutes. If you don't have enough food, each unit will get -1 damage. On the other hand, when training units, the players would never need to spend food. In fact, the players would only spend food to feed their population, food would not be needed for anything else. On top of food, other resources would be money, stone, wood, metal textiles. This would be spent to build buildings and train units. Stone, wood, metal and textiles would also be raw materials that would be transformed (in workshops) into finer goods that could be sold and/or consumed by civilian units. So, on top of the typical RTS buildings, the player would be able to build those workshops to transform raw material into finer goods: blacksmith for metal, carpenter for wood, taylor for textile and potter for stone (as stone would also represent clay). Other buildings would include services such as a school, a hospital, a church, a court, etc. This would give the player special benefits, including the ability to train special units such as teachers, doctors, priests or judges. These units, on top of running their buildings, would each have a special ability, a 'spell' they would cast: priests would convert enemy units to your side; teachers would temporarily duplicate the speed, range, attack and defence of your units; doctors would heal damaged units; judges would temporarily freeze ('arrest') enemy units, etc. A very important concept, however, would be happiness. The happiness of the player's population would range from 0% to 100%. Failing to feed the population would vastly decrease happiness. On the other hand, providing finer goods and services (schools, churches, hospitals, etc) to the civilian units would increase their happiness. Happiness would correlate with criminality rate. The lowest the happiness, the highest the probability of units (both civilian and military) becoming criminals/rebels. These rebellious units would not be controlled by the player and would act as enemies, attacking other units. Other units would also treat them as enemies: military units would attack them; as for civilians, they would defend themselves if attacked. The player would be able to launch decrees that would impact the game, including happiness, the buildings and units available, the spells and skills the player can cast, and also some general benefits / effects. But these decrees would always have a downside or a cost. An example of decree would be taxes: the player would control how many taxes people pay, which would generate money for the player. But taxes would also decrease happiness. Happiness would also impact productivity and the power of military units. Happy units would have an attack and defence bonus; unhappy units would have reduced stats. As for productivity: usually, let's say a villager gets 10 points of wood every time he/she brings a log to the lumberyard. But an unhappy villager will only generate 8 points per log while a happy one will generate 12 points, for example. Ok, I've already written too much. I could expand this idea further, but I guess you get the idea. It's mostly a modified Stronghold, basically.",1549725714
anw5ip,Side Scrolling Action Game with Combos triggered by drawing shapes with mouse/touch,"So basically this would be a 2D / side scrolling game, more specifically a platformer with some fighting game features. The main feature is that combos (and also spells, skills, etc) would be activated by drawing specific shapes on the screen (with the mouse, on computer; with the finger, on mobile). In fact, maybe some of the basic movements would also be triggered by drawing as well. The simplest attacks / movements would be triggered by drawing horizontal or vertical lines. For example, a bottom to top line would make the character jump, a top to bottom line would make the character drop from the current platform. A left to right line would activate an attack to the right and vice versa. More complex combos or skills would be activated by drawing circles, squares, triangles, zigzags, pentagrams, etc... And that's it. It's a simple idea that has probably been implemented before, even though I was unable to find an example.",1549490415
aniq8y,"RTS with fully customisable factions, buildings, units","So basically my idea is a RTS like Age of Empires but with fully customisable civilizations. The player would be able to create his/her own civilization by picking an architectural style for the buildings, choosing the costume style of the civilian units, the armour if the military units, etc. The player would select a limited number of ""spells"" or ""skills"" the civilization would be able to cast. A limited number of weapons would be selected for each civilization, therefore defining the available military units. Colors could be selected in order to control the hair and skin color ranges of the units. All colors would be available, therefore allowing the player to create ""fantasy"" or ""alien"" races. The player would also choose a limited number of food crops / sources (amongst vegetables, cereals, livestock, orchards, fish ponds, etc) which would define the farm buildings available in that civilization. On top of the default 3D models of the buildings and units, the game would also allow the player to import custom models (as long as they were compatible). In fact, template 3D models would be distributed with the game. The same would be applied to the images that are used as textures for the 3D models. The idea is simplifying the process of modding the game. Each player would be represented by a ""hero unit"", which would be larger and stronger than other units and would have a more detailed 3D model. This unit would have custom skills, as well as more customisation options in terms of visual appearance. Basically it would be the same system as the custom heroes from The Lord if the Rings: The Battle for Middle Earth. The player would lose when his/her ""hero unit"" was killed (just like when the lord dies in Stronghold). And just like in Stronghold, during gameplay, the player would be able to build his/her own custom castles and fortresses, by having tools to build walls of different heights, stairs leading to those walls, towers of different sizes and shapes, gates, etc. As for the other buildings, the player would be able to build them on top of each other - therefore creating buildings with multiple floors. However, there would be a limit to the number of buildings piled on top of each other. And that's it. What do your think? Any ideas to expand this concept?",1549400904
anmtlt,Team puzzle in which the player plays against himself,"* there is a map with two teams: red team and blue team. Each team has several units laid out randomly when level starts * at the beginning of the level, the player has to choose one of the two teams and make a bet for it using gold. If at the end of the level the player's team wins, the player earns the money of his bet \* the number of units of the opponent's team * whenever the player taps the space bar, two units (one of each team) move forward 1 tile. Next turn, the player will move other 2 units (one of each team), an so on. Always the same pair move together. * every 2 seconds, all units on the board rotate 90° clockwise around its z axis changing the direction they're facing * when one unit runs onto a unit of the other team, he kills it. If two units of enemy teams run into each other, both die * a team wins when the opponent team has no more units left on the board * Bets:  * at the beginning of the level, the player bets for one of the teams  * once the level has started, at any given time the player may place a bet for the other team instead, based on how he sees the level evolved and how are the units of both teams positioned and chances of winning, but he loses the money of his previous bet. Or at any given time the player can increase his original bet.  * the gold the player earns for his bet is the amount of money he bets times the number of units the opponent team has",1549426175
anemat,"[Request] I'm making a sandbox engine, I would LOVE ideas","I've been lurking r/gameideas for while now. I have to say that you guys are very very creative, so that is why I decided to poke for ideas :) I'm going to make it short and simple: If you had a engine that does this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huaDTOD-p5E You can add and change materials, colors, textures, sky, camera, ... What would you make? Also, can I steal your idea? 😎",1549377040
aogy5c,An RTS where some of your units are teammates playing the game as an FPS,"Thoughts? I played this game in a dream last night. It had a C&amp;C / Red Alert style, but I think the concept is pretty versatile. Has anything like this been tried before? Or any game where one player is ""on the ground"" and another player is supporting / directing them? (Yes, this game idea is too big...!)",1549635613
anfaxo,A city battle royale!,"Okay so here it goes, this game will be based on a normal city say Los Angeles, game will start on Christmas where everyone will be celebrating with their families. A big space ship will arrive on the day of Christmas and they will order earthlings to go for a worldwide battle royale in which only 5 people can win else they will slaughter all the mankind. You as the main player have to survive till the end and make friends along the way.",1549381378
aoyz1j,a game where you see your chosen up to 10000 other peoples mouse movements (especially with the help of plugins to automate such choices) so you can kind of flow and dance together in strange shapes and patterns,"Its not a game you win or lose, more of something you experience and navigate the space of many other people moving their mouses at once, choosing to continue seeing some peoples mouses and choosing to ignore others. I'm curious to experience this but as a math person I'm skeptical how the gametheory of it can be navigated to motivate people to flow their movement patterns together else ignore people. I'm confident some solution exists that would be mindbendly interesting, but I'm skeptical how hard that possible solution would be to find. Many possibilities.",1549760357
anf3v5,Game with a spherical map.,"I'm sick of playing games like Daggerfall that takes almost 70 real life hours to walk from one end to the other only for there to be an invisible wall or your boat breaks down (GTA V), I think it would be interesting if there was a map that you could fully circumnavigate, it doesn't have to be massive, it can be set on a really small planet with low poly textures but would still introduce some interesting game aspects.",1549380175
ao4egy,Give me a party game idea for mobile,"I'm trying to make a game for family and friends for mobile but I'm stuck on ideation. Some limitations for the game: * Should be for ages 6 and above * Should be family friendly * Can be played in short bursts of ""rounds/sessions"" (between 1-20 minutes) * Can be played with people sharing a phone. (E.g. 2 players per phone) There can be graphics or it can be text based. Here are some sources of inspiration that I've looked at and hope can paint a better idea of what I'm looking for: &gt;[Spyfall](https://spyfall.crabhat.com/) \--- Spyfall is 1 vs Rest party game where all players are given a location and role, the non-spies have to figure out who the spy is and the spy has to figure out what is the given location. The first player gets to ask any other player a single question, afterwhich its that players turn to ask a question. (E.g. Are there more men or women in this location on average?) &amp;#x200B; &gt;[Codenames](https://www.horsepaste.com/) \--- Codenames is a red vs blue team game. Each team chooses a spymaster at the start of the game and they take turns. All players in the team are given an NxN tiled board with various words on them. Each tile on the board are colored: Red, Blue, Black and Grey. Only the spymaster can see the colors of each tile and it is the spymasters job to give hints to their team to pick all the tiles of their team's color. Grey tiles cause the team to immediately pass their turn and black tiles causes the team to immediately lose the round/game. &amp;#x200B; &gt;[Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes](https://keeptalkinggame.com/) \--- A team based game where players are split into 2 groups, the manual team and the bomb defusal team. The bomb defusal team is tasked to defuse a bomb within a time limit. The bomb has multiple puzzles that can only be solved by describing the puzzle to the manual team, which, can use the manual to solve the puzzles. This game requires communication from both teams to describe what they see (on the bomb and in the manual). &amp;#x200B; These games are great but are generally too complicated for kids &lt; 10 years old. (Based only on my experience when playtesting with my younger sister aged 10)  &amp;#x200B;",1549550575
anfgy7,I was recommended this subreddit but I don't know if this would be the right place.,I want to try and make or have made a more complex chess essentially and have a few ideas on how I would like it to work but have very little coding knowledge. Would this be a good place to share the ideas to do this?,1549382371
aozja2,Racing game with repairing,"So this idea has been floating in my head for a while but here it is: Overview: Racing it self is normal it could be drag racing, drifting, F1, NASCAR, whatever but when the race is done its that you check for damage part by part simular to Car Mechanic but not nearly as in depth Plot: Up to you Setting: Just racing in modern times Characters:  Maybe a basic custom character like Skin tone : hair : gender Nothing crazy like the sims Gameplay Mechanics: Like I said in the overview you can check for damage and replace broken parts after a race or performance will be decreased in that area, also another idea i like is parts not upgrades as in you buy parts that you can install onto your car simular to pixel car racer for mobile Standout Features: Not sure Possible Platforms: PC or mobile Extra Features: VR mode maybe? How To Credit Me: Just put me in the credits Note: Not sure if flair is right or if every thing is in the right place but just wanted to get this out there ",1549764345
aoxbt1,Monster Havoc,"Imagine a game where you can create your own custom monster, a la Spore, and then wreak havoc upon human populations. You can create monsters of various sizes, shapes, and abilities. Some examples: * Insectoid human-shaped monster with deadly stinger stalking around a neighborhood at night * Chameleon-like monster that turns invisible and can climb walls; eats soldiers at a nonspecific military base * Gigantic flying bat monster that tackles helicopters in the air * Tentacle monster lurching around a school eating students * Shadow monster appearing behind people and absorbing them into darkness",1549749933
ap0zi3,Aveus,"TL;DR- Anthem left me wanting something based around vertical traversal, but something that wasn’t going to be plagued with micro transactions (“just cosmetic” is not an excuse for a 60$ game). This is a fantasy MMO-lite in which you fly about as bird people, cataloging your discoveries, combatting wingless humanoids and aggressive flora/fauna, and exploring ancient ruins looking for treasure and ability altering runes. Base Game: You play as villager in a mountain settlement, you and everyone in it belongs to a race of winged humanoids. You leave the safety of the Village to scout the surroundings and explore. You encounter aggressive wildlife, strange wingless humanoids who don’t take kindly to you, even deadly plants to fight. You also find ruins in which you must solve puzzles to reach the treasures at the end. This is an MMO-lite and so you’ll often be encountering and teaming up with other players. Some ruins even require multiple people just to get them open. Another large part of the game is customization, not in just appearance but play style. There are no classes, you simply develop the skills you want by using them more and more. There are also boss fights, where in you encounter a particularly formidable foe who rivals your own strength, even surpassing it in the end game. Enemies like a giant flying snake that pursues you into the sky, or giant crab that uses a hillside for a shell. Skill System: Instead of classes each player has access to three different trees. There’s the Tree of Valor, the Tree of Guile, and the Tree of Wisdom. Each tree contains two perks that open up the use of specialized weapons. You earn Valor points by defeating enemies in combat, you earn guile points when you defeat an enemy that was not aware of your presence, and also when you preform certain aerobatic maneuvers, you earn wisdom points when killing enemies with magic, when you discover runes, and when you solve puzzles. Valor- this tree involves abilities and perks that boost your physical skills and allow you to preform devastating attacks like a dive bomb slam that deals AoE damage, and a wing flap that sends powerful gusts of air to knock down foes. The two Valor weapons are the Discus Buckler, a small shield that expands when used to block or when thrown, it bounces off enemies and returns to you. The other weapon is The Warhammer, a large Mjolnir like Weapon that seems to defy gravity, gaining and losing mass at your whim. Perks further down the line modify both the weapons attacks and your base attributes like health and damage resistance. Guile- this tree involves abilities and perks that boost your speed and allow you go by unseen with abilities that turn you invisible when in a shadow, and to fly silently like an owl. The two guile weapons are the Shadow Blades, a set of throwing knives with a seemingly endless supply, there is a recharge after you expend them all, but eventually they will return. The second being the Wing Blades, edged weapons that mount on your wings allowing graceful combat on the ground the ability to chop an enemy in two with a fly by. Perks later down the line influence things like the weapon attacks, as well as base attributes like movement speed, and luck (effects quality of the treasure you find). Wisdom- this tree involves arcane abilities that allow you to call down lightning, cover yourself in flames, and it’s perks are things like reduced cast times and magical awareness (the ability to sense and locate magical objects and resources). The two Wisdom Weapons are the Wind Spear, a floating spear that you control muck like Yondu’s arrow in Guardians of the Galaxy, minus the whistling, you lock on to several targets and with the flick of your wrist the spear hunts them down and then returns to float by your side. And the Elemental Katars, (Bladed weapons from India that are kind of like if Wolverine just had one big claw) these weapons come in a variety of elemental types, and behave differently based on the elements. No matter the element however they are always able to fire small blasts of that type of element for a ranged attack, and the more attacks you string together the larger the blades of elemental energy become, and they deal more damage as well. Getting hit or not attacking for a certain amount and time returns them normal size and damage. Perks later down the line influence weapon performance and base attributes like cast times and elemental resistances. Flying Mechanics: Though it is a fantasy game the flying is based on more realistic mechanics. You’re wings are massive as they’d need to be to support a humans weight, you can’t hover for more than a few wing beats. To engage flight you simply need to gain enough altitude to begin a glide, to glide you press the L trigger. You then press the jump button in the air to flap your wings, three wing beats while in flight gets you to top speed. Pressing the R trigger brings your wings in allowing you to dive at great speed, or just fit through a narrow gap as a hawk would. The Bumpers preform a dodge roll to the left or right. While holding the L trigger and using a combination of the wing tuck, and the dodge rolls you can also preform more advanced maneuvers such as loops and Immelmanns (like a half loop where you rotate at the apex and fly the opposite direction you were headed). To preform a loop you fly vertically and then tuck your wings, as long as your hold the stick forwards/backwards you’ll flip in that direction, then untuck your wings and return to flying. An Immelmann simply has you using a dodge roll mod flip. All of these moves require precise timing and thus why preforming them earns you points in the Guile tree. Like all MMO-lites the search for loot is a large part of your customization process, not simply for the looks, but the effects they carry as well. You will find armor, learn sacred runes that when etched onto said armor and/or weapons that add even more perks. Some especially rare and powerful runes need to be combined for a new wild effect that drastically changes the way you play. For instance say instead of being able to target multiple people with the wind spear you can only target one, but it deals way more damage and if the target dies they explode damaging the enemies around them with the element of the wind spear you have equipped. There are also runes that can be applied to your wings with paint, these offer certain bonuses to flight like a bonus dodge roll, or in the rarer instance the ability to hover for a short time. Cataloging Discoveries: Through out the world there are unique specimens, they can be anything from a creature, a strange ancient statue, or a non-violent wingless humanoid who sells potions. There’s always only one unique specimen on the map at a time, and the map is quite large. When you discover it you can take that information back to the village for a hefty sum. If you’re in a party then the each member receives payment, the official discoverer earns slightly more. End Game: When you’ve completed the story and you’ve got your character all set up how you want, then what? Well at the end of the story one of the consequences is you awaken titan creatures all over the continent. These “boss battles” take place on smaller maps that are designed for those encounters specifically. They actually function a lot like Monster Hunter Quests. Villagers from other settlements come to you for aid, and because it is kind of your fault you have a responsibility to go and help them. You accept the quest go into matchmaking to put you in a team of 5. You’ll need all your skill and coordination with your team in order to defeat these massive beasts. Imagine fighting Rayquaza but you’re basically the size of a seagull. And to top it all off, No Micro transactions. There would be only be paid DLC, along with minor free updates that add new runes and stuff like that, but nothing that should have been in the game. Instead the game would simply use player feedback over time to then tailor experiences and updates based on their requests, to as reasonable a degree as possible of course. Despite what so many youtubers say, I think any micro transactions in an premium priced game are absolute horseshit. If you want a game to make money, make a good game game, don’t design manipulative systems just to push people towards paying for useless content that should have been in your half baked game in the first place. Sadly I doubt there’s a single AAA publisher that would allow such a game to exist. Oh well, it’s still fun to dream.",1549775466
aowpo1,Realistic Computer Systems in Sci-Fi Games,"One of the things I've always found daunting is the lack of computer networking in futuristic video games. Especially when considering how important the internet and online wiki's are today in learning about the game or in planning out your build. And ingame computers I have managed to played always seem to add a whole other dimension to gameplay outside of just crafting, looting and blowing shit up. A notable example being the Fallout Franchise. These computers weren't complex, but they were loosely based on a time before computers had interactive operating systems and really helped to pull together the whole 1950s vibe in the 2250s. You could use them to unlock rooms, or active systems within a Vault, or you could read the final entries and the lore of what happened to these places as the world began to fall apart. You could even hack into them depending on your skill in order to take control of robots, security systems or to find rare loot. &amp;#x200B; Yet despite ingame computers having so many interesting and entertaining applications, and out of game wikis, forums, or even youtube becoming so necessary in order to learn and maximize your ingame experience, no game really combines these two. And many gamers are left to alt-tab throughout their game experience or rely on their cellphones for quick searches while the game developers themselves do little effort to convey this information ingame. And often times user generated content and networking take up as much more of the players time than actually playing the game. &amp;#x200B; Below are a list of a few examples that collaboratively I think could really help to flesh out ingame computers, networking, and local internet/s. &amp;#x200B; \*\*Wikis\*\* &amp;#x200B; Wikis are largely user generated and have changed the way we play games. Almost everything from the most common goods to the rarest drops or easter eggs will find their way onto a wiki. But what if this content was accessible ingame? Now I've bounced this idea before, and it generally doesn't tend to land very well, but hear me out. Sometimes in games when you find a new item it gives you a brief cryptic description as if you're expected to try it out and see if it works for you. But nobody does that. Because if that item happens to have let say high crit and you didn't realize, you're not maximizing on its potential and end up missing out on a huge chunk of the game. But what if you could just search your database for it? Or connect to a relay that has that data? In fact, it could add a whole new dimension to identifying items. You could find them and not know what it is at all. No text no name nothing. It would still look like the item though. But once you identify it through your network, presuming you haven't encountered it before, then it displays its name and some basic stats, while the ingame database would have pages of strategies and content directly taken from the wiki, and that gets added to as players become more involved. You could even sell hand held identifiers, but they'll only be able to identify items of certain rarities and that have to be upgraded for higher rarities. Almost like buying maps in some games. &amp;#x200B; \*\*Forums\*\* &amp;#x200B; A lot like wikis, forums have become a pivotal part of interacting with players and getting quality advice on composing your builds. But what if that companies forums were accessible both via a web browser OR ingame? And could be displayed on your ship viewscreen, or ingame computer display. It could add an extra interactive dimension without breaking the illusion of playing in a futuristic setting. Its one thing to be able to message players directly, or send messages to their inbox, but what if you wanted to post a request on the network of a particular planet, where all those people are simultaneously using the same network because its available to them and they all happen to be doing the same quests? It would bring the game that much more to life if you could communicate with them ingame and then meet up with them irl... ingame. NPCs can even post quests here in support of off-worlders looking for work, making the game that more immersive. &amp;#x200B; \*\*Gameplay/Letsplay (Historical Records)\*\* &amp;#x200B; This is the last of the real world internet application I'm going to discuss, and yes I am referencing GalaxyQuest. Letsplays and gameplay videos for certain items/attacks generate a lot of content on youtube. But what if you could turn on a tv ingame, flip through the channels, and all of that content (but only specific to that game) was available as if the game has an culture all on its own? Again completing the illusion that the ingame world is more than just hacking slashing and grinding. If you need to know more about item and the tutorial didn't quite answer what you were looking for, just access the ""historical records"" to see if there are any other submissions. &amp;#x200B; \*\*Trading\*\* &amp;#x200B; Trading is something that varies a lot across games. From auction houses to simple trade chats, sometimes there are tight controls with fees, and sometimes its a hysterical mess of text and dozens of people posting WTB or WTS in all caps into a single chat box. But what if you could access an interplanetary relay and the trade setup resembled something much more familiar? Like Amazon or Craigslist. Or at least an ingame version of it using ingame currency. A part of what would make these systems more realistic is if they resembled systems that we already heavily rely on today. Like posting ads or listings. If you go with an expensive provider they'll stock your items and do the shipping for you, for a fee. Or you could get in contact with players directly and go to them. This second one would generate more than just a realistic ingame networking experience, it could also provide an incentive to travel across vast distances, almost like a quest in pursuit of a reward. Except the reward is whatever you're looking for, and the quest giver is a real person that you can haggle with. An example of this I really liked, but could still use some fleshing out, was EVE Online. In EVE you would be able to purchase items within your sector but that could still be 10 jumps away. spending hours trying to get to the station station you didn't realize your product was on. But as irritating as these jumps were they added to the ingame content and helped to cement the illusion that your purchase was a tangible object rather than just data that would instantly and magically be in your inventory upon purchase. &amp;#x200B; \*\*Ship to Ship Communication\*\* &amp;#x200B; Many of us who grew up with Star Trek are all too familiar with ship to ship communication. What if instead of an annoying chat box covering the bottom corner of your screen you were able to directly contact a neighboring ship, send out an unencrypted warning or distress call on all channels, or even eaves drop of someone else's communication while you're hidden or cloaked. Ship to ship communication would not only make ingame communication that much more immersive, but add a whole slew of other implications from organizing large scale armadas that wouldn't involve everyone exchanging their discord usernames to espionage. You could even implement a discord like system where your avatar would mouth your words as you say them, and communicate from ship to ship via view-screen, or just talk out loud in game but instead of everyone in the region instantly seeing your text its limited by range just like real sound is, meaning louder sounds are closer and therefore more relevant to you. And headsets, handheld or wrist communicators would still be useful for communicating with your party while in the middle or a mission or contacting your ship when on an alien world. Ideally everything you do ingame should have some way of doing it. Chat boxes have always kind of broken that illusion for me. &amp;#x200B; \*\*Different Operating Systems for Different Ships\*\* &amp;#x200B; One of the things that kind of bugs me about a lot of games is how ship controls are basically just menus. A lot like hitting your esc key and changing your controls, video or audio settings. But what if every ship had a unique operating system depending on its company or version. You'd see a quick start up and then an onscreen desktop that displays systems and subsystems like you classic sci-fi helm control. And then when you upgrade to a new ship, you get a slightly upgraded version that alludes to game lore if you're savvy enough to look for it. With different companies/species using different operating systems. Otherwise it can just as easily be a background element that you don't put much thought into but behind the scenes is one more element that contributes to a seamless ingame experience. But as far as I'm concerned instead of chat boxes, credits, or exp permanently taking up space on your hud display and occluding your vision, all of this content should be on an ingame display of some kind making the game that much more realistic. Unless you have some kind of VR interface, most of us don't see letters and item names just floating above items. And as practical as that might be ingame, its a shortcut that takes away from the immersive experience of being in a futuristic setting, when this could be an opportunity to make these games more futuristic by being creative and finding a practical ingame means for displaying this information. &amp;#x200B; \*\*Authoritarian Worlds and Great Firewalls\*\* &amp;#x200B; I mentioned forums on different planets and potentially interacting with local NPCs online when you visit different worlds. Not only would this add an interesting element to exploring ingame lore, current events, and dynamics of these different worlds, it also offers an interesting setting to critique our own differences in networking and technology. Many governments have different approaches to managing information. For allied species for example they might be in contact with each other despite having their own culture and laws. Therefore no matter how far you travel you're still connected to a cosmic network and can communicate with your peers across sovereign boundaries. But what about behind enemy lines? Or on authoritarian regimes that censor free information? You could land on an alien work only to find that they have a very different perception of outsiders that polarizes them against your way of life. Parodying some of the social tensions in the real world. Establishing this seamless ingame experience offers opportunities to break this perception once you begin delving deeper into some of the seedier elements of the game. And high level missions could require you to infiltrate one of these isolated worlds with their own missions and npcs but that would require you to sneak your way into a communications tower to call for backup, or steal a ship in order to escape. And open the eyes of the player to differences in how free information is regulated not just in game but in real life too. These isolated worlds could have their own isolated news stations, or their own isolated economies that you would have to travel between if you wanted to explore them or take advantage or smuggle goods between them for a little extra cash. You could even have warring factions with players on both side, with each side spreading their own brand of propaganda revving up the player against the rival economy. Which would create a perfect setting for an illicit trade and bounty hunter system, pitting players against players at the command of NPC run governments for generating dynamic content. &amp;#x200B; \*\*Hacking\*\* &amp;#x200B; Finally, I couldn't talk about ingame computers without addressing hacking. Games like Bioshock, Mass Effect, Fallout, and Warframe all make extensive use of minigames for accessing security systems or quest objectives. Games like Thie Witness, which is essentially just one giant minigame, are fun even without the rest of the content. And while in many of these games hacking minigames tend to be simple and straight forward, difficult, albeit optional minigames could really help to establish hacking as a valuable skill in these games. An old half life 2 mod comes to mind called Dystopia. In Dystopia you have your classic team based pvp format. Some builds rely on heavy weapons or speed, but some rely on hacking, and the game can't progress if you don't have hackers that are willing to jack in and hack security systems or weapons for you. Dystopia however takes this to another level by rendering an entire 3 dimensional digital world in addition to of the 3 dimensional over-world. While jacked in players can encounter enemy hackers or security systems and fight while jacked in for control. And if they lose their connection they'll have to navigate the whole network again or get locked out. Dystpia's version definitely needed work, but applying this in an mmo would be incredible. Especially if you'd have to rely on it in order to escape an oppressive regime. Complex minigames are welcome when it comes to hacking and deserve a lot of attention when developing a game. Every operating system could have its own minigame that increases with difficulty as the version increases. Simple systems might be accessible for an amature, but hijacking a cruiser on the other hand could be an optional extra that requires heavy support, time and skill but for one hell of a payoff. &amp;#x200B; Anyways, these are just a few ideas about how today's growing technology could be applied ingame in order to expand on both seamless immersion as well as some of the epic intersectional conflicts that many of us have only read in books or seen in movies. Or just to explore and critique some of the growing fears and concerns on Orwellian police states and other more eerily real world examples that may exist today or the near future. Even the South Park games do a great job at exploring social media and applying it in a practical and relatable manner ingame. Applying that in a sci-fi themed MMO would no doubt generate interest while also a generating a immersive, relatable world that could one day potentially exist.",1549746237
ap6sq9,Burnout Paradise but it's Battle Royale,"Takedown mode, open map, last car driving wins",1549823886
ap8w09,Galaxy Wars: a Sci-Fi FPS,"In the year 2260, Earth is thriving. Pollution is at an all time low, war has ended, and advancements in technology are making people’s lives better worldwide. But across the galaxy, an alien empire known as the Krith, is realizing that their planet is dying. Fast. Using advanced portal technology, they warp to different parts of the galaxy, willing to do anything to find a place to make their home. That’s when they discover Earth. Oxygen filled atmosphere, vast oceans of water, a thick atmosphere. It was perfect for them. But the only problem was humanity. So they began their massive genocide that would result in the largest war in history. Earth put together the UEDC (United Earth Defense Corps) to fight off the alien invaders. But all of this fighting brought on the attention of another alien race. The Sqidari, the inhabitants of the secluded world of Besteron, felt that this mass genocide was wrong, so they went to Earth to help the humans. They taught their soldiers to speak native human languages and sent them to Earth to fight alongside humanity. One of these soldiers is Terizoid Zajik Malzek, a skilled infantryman who can speak fluent American english. He joined Front-Line fireteam Alpha-64. This consists of Lisa Rodriguez (medic), Lucas Robinson (Sniper), Nathan Winter (Xenobiologist), Jeffery Pines (marine), and Tetrizoid. You play as Tetrizoid through and adventure that takes you across the war torn USA and into outer space to defeat the evil Krith empire!",1549835420
al4ij4,World at War: Black Cats,"Just make an entire game like that level. Add drama of fellow crew members, but make all of the levels shooting from a gunboat type of craft. Doesn't even have to be in World War II or on Earth, a Space Sim as a gunner on a swift craft targeting capital ships in key locations. Not as fast as fighters, to fending them off matters, but faster than the heavy craft and their big guns. &amp;#x200B; Maybe it won't win awards, but I'd play it.",1548794772
ag9wys,The Soul System from CV:Dawn of Sorrow in a 3D RPG,"**Back in 2005** Does anyone remember the soul system from Castle Vania: Dawn of sorrow ? Basically, every single enemy in existance could drop its own soul alongside 0-2 item drops. These souls could be used by the player to mimic certain attacks/abilities/stats from the individual enemy (Kill a Skeleton, get its soul, be able to throw bones with the cost of Mana) or to upgrade your sword into that enemies sword. **The feature presented in nowadays RPGs** This mechanic has infinite potential, yet I have never seen it in a new game. Especially since 3D games were revolutionalized since then, you could have a lot more possibilities with movement based souls which would make exploration extremely versatile (You could fly, slide, morph into animals, the possibilities are infinite because of third dimension) and combat could also be enhanced greatly. For example by implementing this in a Dark Souls gameplay kind of game (Controller based movement, Rolls, Blocking, Parries, right/left hand weapon, slow or fast weapons, HP, Stamina, Magic, Poise) you could basically add infinite build customization to an already very indepth combat system. **What it could mean for an RPG** **Story:** This feature could be the base of an entire Story as well, make the protagonist someone from a shaman race that always extracted power from other creatures souls or make it more subtle and the protagonist only heired a strange artifact from his grandma which started glowing when he stepped on a bug by accident or something, you can turn this basic concept into such a twisted story so easily. **Gameplay:** The same goes for the gameplay, this could turn into such an amazing PvP game, imagine defeating a monster mole, then literally being able to use the move ""dig"" from pokemon in a medieval like person vs person fight, yet again, you can make so much out of this basic forgotten concept, this was just one example. **PVE:** Everybody knows that defeating a boss with skill after a failing for a few minutes can feel extremely rewarding but that feeling drops, once you realize that from that boss, all you earned is some weird magic spell that you well never use since you are playing as a knight but this changes with this system as you could give souls several possible transformations: You can make it act as a magic spell(A summonable familiar, a direct attack or a passive buff), an upgrade to a weapon or an upgrade to armor, all 3 options can exist simultaneously so boss fights would be rewarding like never before. This also makes for a lot of possible weapon and armor design, imagine a spectral sword that penetrates only the soul of an enemy, ignoring its armor, thus dealing more damage to certain enemies but decreasing the chance of obtaining its soul since you are damaging that soul directly, the ability to add situational advantages, thus adding versatility to combat and exploration is really easy. It's honestly just an amazing mechanic that can be the foundation of any game, especially by adding more depth to armor sets, level up customization and adding a stamina meter which wasnt present in Castle Vania: Dawn of Sorrow, you can really turn a basic concept into your own amazing game.",1547567803
ahj5is,Snow Wars!,"This game would be multiplayer where players can fight with snow, FFA or team deathmatch. You can build snow forts and find various winter themed items to help you fight. A few examples of the weapons would be a sled which would be used to block snowballs and fling any snow back, a shovel where you can launch snow at a short range doing splash damage, and just your fists where you throw regular snowballs. Getting hit with snow lowers your temperature, which is basically HP. You can raise your temperature buy building fires or drinking cocoa. This is my first post to this thread, sorry if it’s bad.",1547874866
ah8kar,Seasons Change: A card game where the rules change as the seasons do.,"Each card has 1-4 effects, with indicators for which season each specific effect is active. i.e. You may have a Treant who is strong in spring and summer but is feeble in winter. The decks may be built procedurally, like KeyForge. Different parts of the world would operate under different rules based on their respective seasons as well. Best of all, some cards may ""alter"" the seasons. ",1547801421
aheq2o,Assassin Nemesis System,"You are an assassin who is constantly hunted by both government agents and other assassins. Multiple factions plus the nemesis system from Shadow of War, where your enemies grow and evolve, and all have unique combinations of skills. Preferably open world",1547843835
agtv8p,So I found this OST for a game called Comic Bakery. But I misread it as Cosmic Bakery.,"Thing is, the music seems more fitting for if the name was Cosmic Bakery, and if the game was space themed. It's not. The music is wasted on a game, that quite frankly, is rather bad. However! &amp;#x200B; This [OST](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nf29ShkoAiA) makes me think of a pixelated epic silly bakery themed adventure. I humbly request that someone takes inspiration from this ost and uses it to their fullest extent. &amp;#x200B;",1547697868
ahvpsl,Stardew Valley meets Overlord,"I’m far from having the technical skills to make a game like this, but imagine a game where you can run an evil empire day by day, season by season, year by year, just going through the everyday life of an evil Overlord. It’s not just a hack n slash, it’s not just a life simulator, it’s a bizarre hybrid of both. You could explore the world, produce new minions for your adventuring days, gather resources (or assign minions to do it for you), find true love in the strangest of places, and take control of an entire continent. It would be so cool to have a game that’s kind of like evil Factorio but with less proc gen and more NPCs to talk to. ",1547972877
ahkwcy,Pantry Plunge,"I have an idea for a game that I'd like to share. -Overview You play as a kid who's staying at his dad's house for some time. Your goal is to satisfy your stomach without trying to wake him up, but be careful because he's a light sleeper and an aggressive alcoholic, so watch your step. -Gameplay Players can only hold two items in each hand at a time. Floor creaks in certain areas of the kitchen and stairs. Players can either go down the stairs for an easy route, or take the hard way and go outside to get to the kitchen window. Loose change is scattered around the house for players to find so that they can upgrade their character. Hold more items, move faster, make less noise, etc.  ",1547892515
ai5wyd,A FPS with swinging mechanics,"A simple game with maps, high obstacles that you can spawn/stand/walk on, the floor of the map far under the obstacles would kill you. You would have a dedicated button to use your grappling hook to swing off the obstacles in each map, some sort of rechargeable boost to keep you going. You would have some sort of laser weapon that takes time to charge up, but if it hits, it instakills. The game would be hitscan, and gamemodes could be similar to games like CoD, with Team Deathmatch, Domination, etc. I could see this being polished down the road, but I could see a game like this working out really well for people that like fast-paced shooters.",1548041394
aif1mf,Fallout style with john titor lore,A fallout style rpg but follows the future timeline john titor claimed to be from. I mean the lore is all there hell even the time machine design All you need is time and solid execution.,1548105400
ahpzr6,great first person horror action game...WITH A TWIST!," okay you start off like a cop who wears this camera on his head investigating this haunted mansion so the pov is always based on the camera alright. so then he then investigates the area and sees its manifested by this huge venom like monster/s. he then kills a few of them and awakens like the head boss or queen, he fights it and then suddenly out of nowhere loses....now you think, *aww i died but no*, like the game still continues from the perspective of the camera. the monster crawls over his dead body and sees the camera then takes it and wears it. he or it then goes on a rampage eventually taking on the full police department and so on and so forth, now the cool part is how in some fights or parts, the monsters camera moves in a certain non straight way, so you cant really see well cause the monster is not wearing it right so yeah that sometimes happens. and then you get cool monster skill points and attacks and so forth. haha what do you think? 📷 ",1547930323
aiqtm7,"Your game ran out of budget, and you, the main character, must play without accumulating debt.","This is not your typical burst of escapism where the selling point is that the player can do anything and everything, destroy and create worlds without a second thought. It’s actually the opposite, a meta, comedic take on the destructive and costly nature of how games are played. The entire game plays out like a normal (imagine 2D Mario) platformer, jumping running and collecting coins, at least that is so until the first fall you take. The character then drops down, holding his knee and moans like a pained Peter Griffin. The game comes to a halt, an ambulance arrives, and takes you away. Then you return to the main scene, now a magnitude poorer by the look of the scoreboard. This is where the game really starts. The player is forced to notice the game is just a patchwork, low-budget reality TV production, bursting at the seams. The set pieces fall apart when hit, costing money to fix. The enemies are actors in costume and they play dead. If you kill one of them for real though, well, I’ll let you decide what happens. The game then becomes a puzzle where you think every moment about what action to take and how to take it. The simplest game interactions become a dreadful financial maze to navigate. Need to unlock a chest? Hire a locksmith. Want to make health potions? You know, you should take this online alchemy course. There are two ways to take this idea. You can make it a puzzle game where you try to beat a level within a budget. Or, you can make it a Truman Show mystery where the character makes choices that diverge from what is expected by the producers, and unravel a dark secret behind the “game”: They are holding multiple characters hostage and you must band together to find a way out. Or something like that. Have fun brainstorming, and thanks for reading my first idea!",1548187522
aj92i0,The Weatherman,"I imagine it as a 2d platformer, where you play as a character only referred to as the weatherman. Rather than predicting the weather, his forecasts actually cause that weather event to happen. Attacks in the game would be related to common weather events such as water, wind attacks, lightning, hail, etc, and would have different shot spreads, effects based on the damage type. I also thought of a double jump mechanic where he creates a small tornado around his lower half that propels him an extra type. Haven't been able to come up with an enemy or story yet, but I imagine a sort of ""fatality"" cutscene where he says something cheesy like ""I have forecast a 100% chance of severe lightning storms directly overhead,"" and a cloud appears over the boss and executes it, but this can be any severe weather event such as massive hail, typhoons, or maybe even solar storms later in the game to show his powers evolving. &amp;#x200B; Thoughts? &amp;#x200B;",1548306603
afryrg,A Meta Action/Adventure game where you must beat the game in 10 days.,"This was kinda just an idea my friend had. It could be action/adventure game (Similar to 3D Zelda) but you have 10 real world days to beat the final boss. If you don't do it in time, the game get's uninstalled from your computer. ",1547439264
afya1s,"A space based VR game, that is essentially a engine based ""source"" game, like G-Mod, But with Unreal engine","Essentially the game is released, its pretty bare bones, but the community can make mods, and modpacks for servers. Occasionally if a mod is very popular it gets added to the game. Its based in Space, like imagine a world like ""The Expanse"" where you can tour the galaxy, but you can build your own ship for pretty much free, or maybe there can be roleplay servers on top of creative servers its all up to whoever the host of the server is. Gravity actually works in the game, if your ship isnt moving or your gravity generators are off, your in 0G when your in space. Objects not secured in your inventory, or a locker on the ship will be floating around. If you turn on your thrusters, gravity will start sending things back. You can go on EVA, and use a RCS jetpack, or magboots to walk around if you dont feel adventurous. Thats the core of the game anyway. Just a very accurate space based VR game. People can make gamemodes like Ship Fights, roleplay servers could be formed and people can make factions, like earth is one faction, mars is an other. People can set up bases anywere if they can afford to terraform it. Or space freighter Alien, An alien hunts down all the players on a ship. It can go on for a long time, The alien can come with you if you escape in a spare ship that was docked. Then another server gets ""infected"". You pretty much join a new lobby and the alien is with you. There could be hidden easter eggs anywhere. Like if someone builds a ship that can sustain the suns deadly burn, and can build a base on the surface of the sun, of course that can happen. Its a giant space sandbox game, If you can't build anywhere and on anything then whats the points? It could have the destruction level of Space Engineers, but have it optimized in some way so that things arn't laggy. For example each sector of space is a different server. While your going from sector to sector it loads while you are in transit. But the idea of a Sandbox Space VR game is very promising, atleast to me. ",1547488060
agf7ev,Death is just the beginning!,"Imagine a game that looks like your regular rpg. Setting can be anything, sci-fi, fantasy or maybe modern world. Whole game is sandboxy as fuck, you have shitload of stuff you can do. Throughout the game you have your ""reputation"" meter . Basically bars that indicate how you present yourself (evil vs good; order vs freedom; kindness vs sadism etc.) depending on your reputation you get some bonuses or special interactions with NPCs other than that it seems like the bars are just fluff. And then your character dies. You are given the ""YOU DIED"" screen. And when you try to hit ""next"" you see your character's soul living their body. Now, depending on your reputation bars your soul will pass to different parts of the afterlife. You had high evil and high wrath? Welcome to the circle of wrath, now you are a level 1 wrath demon. You had high good and patience? Welcome to heaven, you are not a level 1 angel of patience. Now you will play in afterlife, where you can't really die (cause you are already dead). ""Dying"" in this part of the game just takes away your levels and loot and sends you back to the beginning of the afterlife segment. But if your reputation changed you might be sent to different segments and given different class. Did I mentioned that that ""afterlife"" mechanic will be never mentioned in game's description or in marketing? Thus it will be like a super surprise to the player. ",1547597494
agjnkx,"A real life time based Fantasy RPG mixed with MMO and Battle Royale elements, hear me out","Ok so before you write off ""ooh it's a battle royale"" it's really not but kinda, let me explain. You start the game by making your character however you like, like an MMO, but the servers are locked on month time basis. Everyone has to start on the same day, but there are multiple servers to offset so people can just hop in whenever. It's supposed to be team oriented, but you CAN play solo. You drop into a massive world with tiered zones starting from outside the edge of the map you arrive on the beaches, this zone is level 1-25, you level your character as a normal MMO, questing, doing dungeons, gathering gear and equipment up to level 25, this goes on for a week, then the massive wall guarding zone 2 gates drop, levels 26-50 are now available as is zone 2, new area opens more towards the center of the map, you have new enemies new quests, new gear, the entire thing is open PvP btw, so going in as a team makes the most sense, though of course there will always be the solo god. Another week passes, the 3rd zone opens, levels 51-75, the last phase week passes, the final zone opens, levels 76-100, then finally after that the FINAL gates open to a huge tower of babyl type of thing with bosses to the top, first team/player to clear it wins. These zones are level blocked so if you join late you could still win if you worked your ass off",1547632692
ag9tq3,We Are Venom,"We Are Venom would be a game where you control the human side of the dangerous duo known as Venom. The Symbiote is controlled by a highly advanced, learning AI, with it’s own personality and reactions to you. Based on the actions and dialogue of the player, the symbiote will have varying levels of obedience and known skills. For example, acting against it’s desires will lower obedience and it may take you over to do what it wants or even leave. It may learn certain skills and tendencies that you have in order to work well together. Attempting a sharp turn by anchoring the symbiote to a building or post may have it learn to do so automatically. Just like their nemesis, Spider-Man, Venom’s game will be a mostly open world with a general storyline. However, how you treat the symbiote and how it likes you may greatly influence the storyline. The main storyline could have the symbiote attempting to get revenge on Spider-Man, and how you react. Maybe you cooperate, maybe you attempt to convince it to forgive him, and maybe you break up over the revenge fantasy. Different symbiotes can be playable. Unlocking the Carnage symbiote can be done as an achievement by going on a murder rampage as Venom. Toxin might be earned by making a stable “play-time” compromise as Carnage. There can be an entire library of playable symbiote partners, each with their own stories, potentially. Of course, relationship with various factions can vary. Being sufficiently friendly may earn vigilante status where the police are less likely to attack you on sight. Spider-Man may be his own faction, as well as potentially Kingpin’s company, and more. Learn to share control. Venom is not 1 person. Venom is 2. **We** are Venom.",1547567288
ae6t5x,Need ideas for a game I am making.,"Hi there! I'm doing a single side scrolling puzzle game. Where you are a little troll, who must find his family. When you hit a beam of light that passes through the thick forest or cave, etc., you become a stone. You then start again near where you ""died"". The stone is still there, so you can move the stone to cover the sunbeam or push it down a hill so it can break other obstacles. I need other ideas to make this more interesting. Hope you can give me some tips or ideas. You can see my progress here: [https://www.maffa.no/games](https://www.maffa.no/games)",1547040423
ago22i,A JRPG where you characters physically appear that can kill a Dragon in a fight.,"You start the game with your generic JRPG characters, a wimpy dude, some girs in spandex. Each level you get, they grow stronger, bigger, more hairy. Once you got to the last boss, everyone look like walls of muscles, full beard, hair everywhere, the kind of characters that can punch a demon to the moon.",1547663091
aid54a,"An otherwise traditional roguelike but with a real-time ""time only moves when you move"" twist.","Other than this twist, the game would be a traditional roguelike. Top-down dungeon crawling with sword and magic and all that jazz. Time moves when you move—just like in traditional roguelikes—and the *only* change to tradition is that movement and action is not tied to a grid or any ""step"" system. Time would work a lot like how SUPERHOT's time works, in fact. If you move or perform an action, time advances for everything for the time it takes to complete your actions. This allows the player to control the pace of the game just like with a traditional roguelike, but also lets the game be untethered to a grid or step system. **** The idea came from an argument over whether games like Crypt of the NecroDancer are roguelikes or not, according to traditionalists that think a roguelike *needs* to let players control the pace. And the idea was to adhere as much to a ""roguelike"" as possible but still having the freedom of movement you expect in a modern game. Either way, I think this could be a really good mechanic for a roguelike. It's sort of how you complete control of the pace in FTL, or even SUPERHOT of course.",1548095939
ag5l4n,Crosspost from r/IndieGaming,,1547533333
ag65fh,Escape-The-Ads," I have this game idea It is a simple point &amp; click game that revolves around escaping pop-up ads or ads in general that are pretty much in every mobile game now. the faster you escape the ad the higher score you will get. the ad will be real, and that's the joke. some ads will have a hidden exit button or moving.  I'm willing to pay someone to develop it however, I would like to get some opinions regarding idea. would it work? how long it will take to develop? I'm not looking to make any money out of it. but since it is a gimmick I think it has some potential for revenue. it also has some potential for speed running, as the exit button will not be randomly generated. please let me know what you think, if you may. &amp;#x200B;  the name I have in mind: Escadcalypse or Escape The Adpocalypse. ",1547538366
afxxrd,"Revers PAC man (open tower defense level where the player try to win against another player PM level, where ghost)",Like PAC man but you build the level and program the ghosts. The idea is to build (code) your AI bots and equip him with the knowledge and experience to win against other players.  I have replicated PAC man but tweaked the settings of ghosts and had fun trying to win against my new ghost behavior. Do you have any ideas for this kind of game ?,1547486114
aimd98,An idea for a fallout online concept,"Fallout Online (This is just a conceptual idea that I wanted to share) This Reddit post has a lot of effort, thought and emphasis on it. Players can host their own custom servers with custom rates, mods and rules etc and there would be official servers. Servers can hold between 0 and 300 players, and map sizes will vary from medium, to very large. &amp;#x200B; \*Map\* The map itself will be procedural generated, with preset monuments. The biome spread out and monument locations will be randomly placed between each server, and each server will be a different layout. Each server will follow a 2 stage wiping schedule to balance the server. The first wipe being the structure wipe, which will remove all structures and items players have built and collected. It will come in the form of a nuclear explosion, and will drastically change the map layout. A mushroom cloud will be visible in the background for one day after wipe, and 2 new monuments will spawn. Players PIP boy blueprints will not be wiped. The second wipe will wipe the map, and players blueprints and will reset the server. It will come in the form of the Enclave FEV virus. 5 days before the final wipe, the map will be patrolled by Enclave soldiers and vertibirds. Every map will spawn with 5 large monuments, those being... \-The Vault: Will be the area where all players who join the server will spawn at for first time. The vault will have PvP disabled for the first 4 days, after which the vault will be locked down, and players can kill each other. The vault before lockdown will act as a communication area, trading area, safe zone and area to explore. The vaults interior will be the same for every map, and will have: An assembly room, recreation room, armoury, tool room and the tunnels. \-The army base: Will be a very large compound patrolled by hostile robots and enclave, however the army base contains loads of weapons, armour and blueprints. It is also the only location where signal flares can be found, which can be used to call in BoS airdrops which contain very strong gear, however it will alert all players on the server. \-The science lab: A large building with underground labs, a hotspot for finding components, blueprints and is the only place where the decoder can be found. The decoder will be explained later in the post. Hostile scientists will patrol the science lab. \-The broadcast centre: A large radio tower which can be entered by players. It contains a radio room, which acts as a broadcasting centre for sending global voice and text to all players, it is useful as in this game there will only be local VC and local text. \-Raider camp: A large camp full of raiders, very dangerous to explore but has loads of components, weapons and armour. Raiders in Fallout Online will randomly patrol monuments and will attack players on sight. Attacking the raider camp stops raiders from spawning. \-Ruins: A small preset city which has destroyed buildings and areas to explore which has lots of loot. A hotspot for enemy mobs and animals to spawn. \-Testing grounds: An nuclear testing town which is extremely dangerous to be around. Has loads of small houses to loot, and will not be patrolled by NPC's. Loads of nodes will spawn too. An explosion will randomly occur throughout the server which will change the weather, and will lockdown all monuments, make the map radioactive and dark. All mobs will dissapear. The 2 monuments after the structure wipe will be... \-The crater: A highly radioactive, large crater which will contain loads of nodes, mobs and loot. \-The BoS settlement: Will act as the safezone similar to that of the Vault, will be permanent on the map. Each map will have biomes. \-The greenlands: Areas not affected by the fallout, is green and has blue skies etc... \-The wasteland: Gloomy and dark biome with some mobs spawning... \-The tundra: A cold, dark and hilly biome with loads of trees and nodes... \-The desert: A flat desert with dunes, with loads of nodes and small monuments Small monuments include red rocket gas stations, old police stations, buildings, super duper marts, abandoned outposts and more. They all contain ""terminals"" which will be explained later. &amp;#x200B; \*Gameplay and mechanics\* The game itself is an online survival game, however unlike many fallout titles, it will not contain RPG elements, no leveling system or stats. All players are equal in health and HP etc, however players can cosmetically edit their characters appearance. They can choose to be a human or a ghoul, however none will have any gameplay changing impacts. Players will need to mine, loot, kill, build, explore and survive in a procedural wasteland, inhabited by other players... friendly or hostile. Players will all spawn with nothing but a map, which will show the entire map layout and where they are on their pip boy. The pip boy will act as an inventory management system, map, blueprint manager and faction manager. The game will be PvP focused, and the gunplay/combat will not be similar to that of previous titles. Weapons are deadly, and it will only take a few hits to kill players, armed or not. If a player dies, they will not respawn with what they had in their inventory. Players will need to craft, find or buy weapons and armour if they want to survive. All weapons, armour and items have a level scale: base, 1, 2, 3 and rare. This means that they can only be crafted at a bench of the corresponding level. All players will be able to craft base items, however they are low grade armour and weapons which are weak against other people. Leveled items can only be made if a player has the PIP boy blueprint for it... To get an item blueprint, players will either need to: Find the blueprint for it, research the item, take the item to the decoder, or use a terminal. Item researching consists of taking an item to a research table which the player can craft, and spending bottle caps for the item blueprint. The item will be destroyed if it is researched. A terminal is found at every monument. You can use a terminal to browse through the item tree (weapons, armour) and selecting a level (1, 2, 3). It will cost bottlecaps, and will give a random blueprint of the category and level, for example if I chose to get a level 2 weapon, it would give me a random level 2 weapon blueprint. To make items a player needs to make a bench... \-Workbench: Used to make weapons, tools and traps. Can be upgraded to level 2 and 3. components/materials will need to be placed in the crafting bench to craft items (or you must have the materials/components in your inventory), crafting will be queued, and will be crafted automatically and quickly. \-Reloading bench: Used to make bullets. Works similar to that of the workbench. \-Chemistry bench: Used to make chems, meds, some components and energy weapon ammo. Works similar to that of the workbench. \-Armour bench: Used to make armour. Can be upgraded to level 2 and 3. Works similar to that of the workbench. \-Radio bench: Used to communicate, send text/voice messages and trade to players far away. \-Recycler bench: Used to break down components and items into materials. \-Refinery: Used to refine uranium, and smelt ores All benches, traps can only work if they are powered by a generator. A generator is powered by refined uranium. Uranium can be mined around the map, picked up from the floor and recycled from items. Resources that players will need include... \-Wood: Collected from chopping down trees, picked from the floor, recycled. \-Stone: Mined from stone nodes, recycled, picked from the floor. \-Metal: Mined from metal nodes, recycled, picked from the floor. \-Sulfur: Mined from sulfur nodes, recycled, picked from the floor. \-Iron: Small ammount gathered from metal nodes, most will be gathered from recycling items and components. \-Uranium: Mined from uranium nodes, picked from the floor, found around the map, recycled. \-Electronics: Found around the maps commonly, collected from robot mobs, recycled, made from the chem bench. \-Clay: Mined from clay nodes and stone nodes, can be found around the map commonly, can be picked from the floor. \-Polymer: Made from clay and iron at a chem bench. Used to make high tier weapons/armour/items. \-Fiber: Picked from the floor, used to make rope and sewing kits and is used as a material. Grinding in Fallout Online will not be tedious, nodes will be everywhere, and players will receive high quantities from them. They can also be found around the map in barrels and crates or at monuments. To make weapons and armour, players will need components which cannot be crafted, but only found, such as: Springs, weapon bodies and gold. Building in Fallout online will be very similar to that of rust and ark. Players will need to upgrade their base to stronger materials, have traps and defend their loot. Players can raid each others bases with explosives, or by doorcamping etc. Players can make their own factions, and it will be listed to other people in their pip boys. Players can join other peopels factions if they are allowed and team with other players. The game can be played solo (unlike ARK and other titles which is extremely difficult). &amp;#x200B; I hope you enjoyed the idea, a full weapon/armour list can be found below...  Fallout online \*Base weapons\* Bow Crossbow Pipe revolver Pipe shotgun Pipe rifle Nailgun \*Level 1 weapons\* 9mm pistol Laser pistol Revolver Repeater Double barreled shotgun \*Level 2 weapons\* 10mm pistol Plasma pistol Magnum Hunting rifle Laser rifle M1 Garand Service rifle Thompson Grease gun 10mm SMG Pump shotgun Laser triblaster \*Level 3 weapons\* 12.7mm pistol Desert eagle 12.7mm SMG Laser RCW M4 carbine AK47 G3 Combat shotgun High power rifle (Sniper rifle) Plasma rifle Plasma scattergun LMG Laser MG Brush gun \*Rare weapons\* Gatling laser Minigun Heavy machine gun Tesla cannon Plasma MG Wave gun Alien blaster \*Base armour\* Leather armour Bone armour Scrap armour \*Level 1 armour\* Raider armour Bucket helmet Biker helmet \*Level 2 armour\* Metal armour Combat helmet Soldier helmet \*Level 3 armour\* Combat armour Salvaged power armour Riot helmet Salvaged power helmet &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;",1548160111
ae9pvg,"Remember that FPS game with a cute character that I posted here some months ago? Yes, that´s my Ideas to it.","You control Fluffy Mccuddles, a Teddy Bear from the planet of Cutopia. He and his pet Squishy, the Unicorn, lived in peace until and The villain Mr. Dark Mcedgy, invaded the planet with his Edge-o Trons and his Hate Legion, emo space marines that hate everything good and want to paint cutopia black and white... Why he is doing that? FOR THE EVULZ OF COURSE!!! You play as Fluffy as he tries to spread love and peace with his cute-inator that makes his minions get good and hug other enemies. In the final boss battle you stop Macedgy to grimdark-ify Cutopia with his Ow The Edge-onator, that makes everything evuuuuul!!!! Release date: 2020´s. Rating: E for everyone. Before you ask me, yeah this game is supposed to mock the ""gritty dark and realistic"" trend that The Dark Knight started and various games, and also mock games like Hatred.",1547058527
af5jzu,mmorpg/moba battleroyale,"mmorpg/moba battleroyale &amp;#x200B; 1. huge map with 100 players (5 player per squad). all player level 1, player get stronger by getting items. &amp;#x200B; 2. loot items scattered all over the place. items will give buff &amp;#x200B; 3. raid boss. kill boss monsters for items and buff. mimic mmorpg raid in a battleroyale &amp;#x200B; 4. safe zone. move to safe zone with mount. &amp;#x200B; 5. 20 minutes game. &amp;#x200B; 6. loot dead player. last squad will be the winner. &amp;#x200B;",1547281838
ajj46p,"You are athe Greek god trying to manipulate humans to further your own goal, while other Gods do the same.","*Disclaimer: I’ve not played many God games, so advise me accordingly.* I am however fascinated by Greek mythology. Their stories about higher beings using transformative and destructive powers against each other for their own selfish, personal, very flawed goals always felt powerful to me. I wanted something that plays like a God game, not an action game because I only know of board games that utilises Greek mythos in that way. You are Ares. Your ultimate goal is war and destruction. Your main foe would be Aphrodite (or maybe Eros), who wants to spread love. On the HUD would be indicators for peace, prosperity, happiness, population etc, and that’s the basis for your objective. Events are delineated on a scrolling info box, things like “The Southern Tribe’s head scientist announces visit to the Eastern Clan.” Now while he’s there, you can mind control a soldier to sneak into the hut he’s staying in and kill him. Little did you know, Aphrodite knows your plan and seduces the soldier. There are a plethora of Greek figures to choose from, each with unique abilities and goals. You can even enlist other gods to further your goal, by enticing them with something they want. Artemis can control animals. Zeus destroys things in large scale, and wants kinky sex. The possibilities are endless.",1548375186
ajx3pm,A detective game where you clone people’s minds and watch them interact.,"This is more than inspired by Black Mirror’s idea of cookies, a.k.a a copy of a person’s consciousness with all their memories. Now with that technology available, you are a detective who solves crimes by having these copies of people put in a space where they can interact, represented by a blank room. How they interact can tell you many things about the mystery. You cannot ask questions or feed them information in anyway, but you can manipulate the room. Bring in items directly related to the case and see how they react. Starve them for days and find out whether they are actually allergic to peanuts like in their statement. Watch as a happy couple break down and be at each other’s throats. The copies/items you have are limited and you basically are watching clips unfold. Morality is never in question (after all, they’re not real people), but the player will have to stop and think about how far they will go for the truth.",1548472270
ad83nj,A game inspired by The Glitz Pit in Paper Mario TTYD,"The glitz pit has always been my favorite of the paper Mario chapters. It’s so interesting and I feel like it could be tweaked and expanded upon into a full game.  There are games *like* it, but not exactly what I’m envisioning. They don’t have the same spirit at all. The core is what needs to stay the same. Imagine your character is an aspiring fighter, or whatever it is. It’s about competing against others and you’re putting on a show for tv and the crowd. So your character up and leaves their life and joins. You work your way into it and earn your place and your name. And then you’re part of the championship. Maybe there are several different arenas(for lack of better word at the moment) and each one of these areas will be a different chapter in your game. Each area will have its own story you’ll have to complete on top of winning the competitions. As you progress you earn different perks, some to help in battle against your opponent, some perks are for pleasing the crowd. Because a big thing is you are putting on a show and have to make the crowd love you too. It would have heavy rpg mechanics, turn based combat, and would have mystery and exciting stories to uncover. I’m not saying I’m making this game, obviously not. It would cost millions to make probably. But this is my dream game. And maybe some of you are millionaires and can make it happen. Anyway. Good day. ",1546798774
ae6mj9,The Four Horsemen,"I haven’t thought this idea through to much yet but I wanted to write it down quickly before I forget. Essentially it’s a very cinematic linear game in a mix of the style of God of War and Uncharted. It follows the Biblical Apocalypse depicted in the book of Revelations, and you get to play as one of the four horsemen of the apocalypse. Pseudo RPG sort of gameplay, with a skill tree and small scale gear system but not too much grind. Each horseman would have a different playstyle, pestilence would be a poison/ ranger type class, war would be the typica warrior class, famine is harder to imagine but I think it would involve drastically weakening enemies with rebuffs, and finally, death would be a necromancer/ mage. Story I’m pretty undecided on, there’s a lot developers do as the bible doesnt go into too much detail on the events of the apocalypse. The story should be gritty and it would be cool to give each horseman memorable characters. In terms of gameplay, it can be 1 player or coop, and when you’re playing alone, the other three horsemen could be NPC’s similar to Atreus in God of War or the Side Characters in Uncharted. Anyway, that’s just some ideas I had for a game I’d love to see one day. Any thoughts would be appreciated :)",1547039024
adqqwg,A Read Dead/Rockstar style game featuring an agent of the British Empire as the main character.,"This could be set around the same time as the RDR series, in the late 19th or first decade of the 20th century. It could feature the protagonist traveling to different parts of the world and participating in various conflicts of the time, such as the great game, Indian uprisings, the Beor wars, the arms/naval race against the German empire, etc. If this sub is more geared for practical game concepts, and not the “this style game in this setting” format of this post, I apologize. Just wanted to see if anyone would want to spitball off this as a Red Dead fan or as someone interested in the time period. ",1546923119
af8jqm,Nations And Kingdoms (NaK),"**Lore Wise:** The game takes place in a fantasy world With many Different nations and kingdoms. first of all, there will be basic kingdoms that will start on game launch and then kingdoms and nations would start developing from players that had the most impact on the game. when time comes an element stone will appear and the players would choose which player would posses this ""Element stone"". the player who won the ""Element stone"" would plant it in a object called ""stone of creation"" that would growing a kingdom that has the special features according to the element stone.. for example:Dark element stone would start growing a dark empire .the player who were granted the stone would be promoted to a king and would lead people who follow his kingdom. there will be many different element stones that are only usable once to build the MAIN kingdom and other minor elemental stone for conquest. at the start of the game you will be a ""Lone Wolf"" wandering across the kingdoms and you can choose anytime for which kingdom you would like to join or keep being a ""Lone Wolf"". being in a part of a nation grants you perks to your combat according to the kingdom you chose and as the game progresses the element power you posses from your kingdom gets more powerful. **Combat:** The combat would be fast action . as your skills gets stronger it would be seen in a visual way (more destructive ,size ,power) and effect. **NOW IT GETS INTERESTING: each time you reach a certain point in progression of your skills you could choose from MANY different options what to add to your skills (visually , effects, damage types, weapon enchantment) and it would have no limit to how many times you add something to your skills but as you progress it would be much harder to progress your skills further more(like leveling in BDO) so in that way you'll never get bored from using the same skills over and over and your skills would never look the same like other players have so each player would have a unique set of skills.** &amp;#x200B; **Equipment:** as for equipment it will be much different then wearing armor because instead of armor you will absorb a magical stone that boosts your stats changes you visually (you can choose that it wont change you visually if you dont want to) and adds more depth to you abilities and skills. **PVE:** even tho the idea is heavily based in Nations/Kingdoms vs Nations/Kingdoms PVP ... there would be huge events for pve that might require alliances . slaying the PVE threats would grant a resources Magical armor stones and maybe some cosmetics that would look like a trophy of defeating the boss. &amp;#x200B; **PVP: the pvp would revolve around a competitive friendly / conquest / practice friendly and etc.** for pvp in the MAIN kingdoms would be built a large Colosseum arena that visually will look like its kingdom style . there will be different types of arena Colosseum : competitive arena: where players will show their power in field against one another and rank up Normal arena: where you can practice combat challenge arena: arena with unique objectives that are required to fulfill in order to win. Kingdom Championship arena: where everybody can join the spectators seat and see who wins the title as the strongest player in the kingdom. how pvp would look like: because the tremendous amount of different skills and abillities the player would need to learn his opponent abilities while fighting . so the battles would look very unique and interesting to watch . &amp;#x200B;",1547308314
afsk1b,Cartoony vehicle team based game,"A game that has warthunder like controls of tanks, planes, and warships but rather than being a grind fest focuses more on team tactics and plays. Each match will involve all aspects of vehicles to win the battle whether through an objective or not. The games aesthetic would be simple and more like a polygonal game with simple textures and a bright palette of both the game world and projectiles and effects. There could also be customization of ships that focuses on players designing builds for their ships rather than grinding the levels to unlock better stuff. This meaning players can choose a wide range of different options for their vehicles that have direct consequences aswell as bonuses For example players could choose the size of a gun on a tank by spending points on it however with the amount of points left would have to choose between speed and armour Planes and ships could follow the similar rule Players would create decks with multiple combinations of vehicles for play Also although the gameplay may have realism aka piercing and ricochet physics the vehicles themselves would be simple limiting the players to 3 different sizes and 3 options per area such as (SMALL, MEDIUM, LARGE) and (CANNON, HOWITZER, MACHINE GUN) If all else i would like to think these mechanics could work for other games Please criticise",1547443609
adrevx,Why you should write a Game Design Document for your project,,1546928351
af61th,Shoot em up maybe idk,"A game that is made as one single level that continues to zoom in, i think this could be interesting as maybe a shoot em up or a puzzle game and i feel the graphical way to approach this would to literally paint picture from small to big. The change in gameplay from when the player begins to progress through the level and the geometry of the level becomes more simplistic as the detail is taken away by the zooming in It would be up to a developer to think of the rest of the game how they shrink whether it has something to do with the amount of enemies left on the level eg 100 enemies equals 100% size or if they go into some sort of zone or solve some puzzle to shrink down. I think another approach to this game could be a 3d game that takes place on a single cube by zooming in and rotating around the cube. The objectives could be as simple as influencing the colour of a face which involves zooming in on a sort of planetary scale to reveal hidden detail under or on the surface of a cube. Any suggestions please add them in the comments",1547287166
aimrmx,"""r/Gameideas inspired-game hits the App Store &amp; Google Play","[Original Post] (https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/47ddj2/carrier_battle/) After 2500+ hours in Gamemaker I’m excited to finally announce the release of Carrier Commander: War at Sea, a game right from this subreddit. [Youtube Trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdwHDUA7WRU) Downloads: [Google Play BETA] (https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.BerlinHaus.Carrier_Commander) [App Store] (https://itunes.apple.com/app/carrier-commander-war-at-sea/id1447673490) Description: Rising oceans threaten your homeland. Global tensions rise, as millions are submerged beneath the waves. Take command of a Naval Strike Force, fighting to secure a new home for your people. Engage sophisticated AI opponents in tactical naval battles, research cutting edge technology to stay ahead in the global Arms Race, and utilize strategic alliances to gain intelligence on your enemies. Carrier Commander: War at Sea, is a single player Naval Strategy Game that begins in the Cold War Era. Battles are a combination of Turn-Based and Real Time—and between skirmishes the player must manage resources to build their fleet, research new tech, and acquire special weapons to be used during live combat.",1548163295
ak5zgk,Platformer idea,"In this game you run around with a box, throwing the box around as you run through the level. Your moveset consists of a Wall jump Basic jump Run Dash Sprint(cooldown) Throw There is also a move where you slow time, but it has a cooldown. Most levels take place during specific time periods. So about 10 levers per time period. Each box has a special ability that helps you traverse each set of levels. Also, a level editor.",1548542517
ak9s30,A massive ww2 mmo FPS with an alive world," Games like battlefield or cod or arma are just damn boring with the dead world. I’d like to see a game where each country would have an industry, cities, military, and government controller by players or NPCs. Players can sign up for military service where they can fight in battles when the government declares war. Once you die, it’s over. You’d have to make a new character. You can be Infantry, tank, airman, navy, industry worker, president, car seller, miner, taxi driver, etc. If you commit war crimes in battle by shooting civilians, you’d be arrested and put on trial. Wars could take real life years. There would be gore too",1548571515
ak9639,A game based on the Mortal Engines series.,"Start as a small traction island, anti-traction stronghold, or large airship. You have to scavenge for parts that spawn throughout the map, or you can destroy other players. Strongholds get a small, medium speed airship to start that they can modify as they collect resources, while traction islands can move on their own but airships and docks are mid game mechanics. Perhaps the building system could be like Rust but with custom shapes and optional building grid. Some sort of physics system so you have to balance your island/stronghold/airship. Faction/group system. Weight classes to determine island type. (Village, town, suburb, city etc.) Islands, strongholds, and airships each have their pros and cons, eg. Airship is weak to fire based weapons, strongholds can be picked off by multiple islands working together, islands can be immobilised by engine or wheel damage. Strongholds can carry heavy weaponry and are very resilient, islands are mobile but can't hold as much weaponry, airships are highly mobile, but have the least weaponry and defence.",1548565861
akjjpu,Original 3D Crystal Puzzle - Minnie Mouse is 68% off,https://twitter.com/bytebeetle/status/1089656521271721984,1548647400
aksujw,A Rogue-Lite with realistic fitness/conditioning mechanics.,"[Free Idea] So I was playing a mobile app called random adventure roguelike... which I wouldn't say is much of a game, but it's... something... anyways... I've also been thinking a lot about starting a regular exercise routine, and how horribly out of shape I am, and somehow I merged the two into a game idea... **Idea** Soo, what if there was a dungeon crawling game where your health was based on maintaining a healthy daily routine, and doing an optimal workout, and getting a well-balanced diet? It could incorporate the latest sports fitness and nutrition science, at least as well as one can in a random dungeon full of deadly monsters. I can't claim to know a whole lot about the science involved... I just know that you need proper hydration, calories, fats, minerals, carbs, protein, etc... and you need to get your heart rate up for a certain amount of time each day, and do x amount of reps of various exercises, and remember to stretch and warm up and get the right amount of rest, etc... or you will weaken and feel sick and strain muscles and hurt yourself in various ways... **Metrics** I was thinking that there should be a bunch of muscle groups on a body chart, with stats for each. The stats of muscle groups that are used in a skill determine how good you are at the skill. It should also show how well exercised and how fatigued and how damaged they are. Also, there should be a few bars that show the different levels of different types of nutrition you need, digestion processes, and hygiene. **Body Care** Think of muscles as little digital pets that all live in a zoo called your body. You need to feed them, exercise them, teach them skills, and keep them healthy. If you treat them right, they'll grow and get better at working together. Also, one thing that I think would be amusing is to randomly come upon a monster in the dungeon that has been injured, or has a sprain, or hasn't been sleeping well, and maybe doesn't want to fight anyone today, or can't. And it would be enabled by this game's mechanics. Something I think is missing in these types of games is a gray area between combat and socializing. In other words, don't make every creature want to kill you, make them able to change their mind, make some creatures that can't hurt you. Add some uneasy strategic cooperation. **Skills** You will still have the basic skill bars, but instead of them deciding everything, they can be thought of as precision. You'll have three layers of combat ability. One is the fighting style exp, which is your actual combat experience with using a move that is listed under the style. The second is precision exp from practice, which you can gain even if you aren't in combat. The third is the conditioning of the various muscle groups involved in the skill, which includes mental abilities. For mental skills, precision can be seen as the same as memorization. **Species** I like the idea that different creatures bodies have different limits and advantages and disadvantages. Some might have small bone structure, which would limit the maximum size of their muscles. Some might have lower intelligence, which would limit their maximum precision levels. They might have affinities for specific skills, or be able to over-develop certain muscle groups, etc. Some might be very dumb, but have very quick reflexes. I'm also very much into the idea that the mortal species' abilities should decay over time from disuse, and possibly be altered by age. Undead creatures would have their own rules, like mummies can't get stronger or weaker or heal naturally or probably even learn at all. **Dungeon** The dungeon is a strange place, full of weird plants. Probably mostly small plants like moss and grass and weird little herbs and mushrooms. Also lots of weird bugs! Probably also some vines. Lots of glowing things. It seems intuitive to me that the creatures would start out normal and familiar near the top, and gradually transition to weirder things as you go deeper. All sorts of cool things could happen as you go deeper, like parasites that give you extra magic, or slowly take over your body, or augment your senses, or just make you stink horribly. As you spend time in an environment, you begin to understand the things around you with more clarity. I think there's a huge amount of untapped immersion that can be added by the discovery process, which can involve much more than just identifying potions and armor. Plus, it's pretty well accepted that you'll die a lot in roguelikes, so it wouldn't be out of bounds to make one bite of a bad mushroom kill you. Anyways, that's all for now, bye.",1548713787
akakjb,An Introvert’s stealth game,"Introverts are those with a strong preference for being alone. Some introverts avoid or even loathe the company of other people. Your case tends towards the extreme. As you walk out the door, make sure your neighbours don’t see you. Hide behind the cars, crawl underneath the hedges. Go as far as jump into the sewer. Throw a rock to distract them, wear disguises, 📦, etc - have all the stealth tropes in there, except killing. Everyone in this game either knows you or they don’t. Acquaintances will approach you, while strangers will not pay attention until you do something weird. If someone sees you snooping, they’ll speak to you regardless of whether they know you. In this case, you make an acquaintance and your friend list increases. The same people keep reappearing across levels, and it gets harder and harder for you to complete your quests, which range from taking out the trash to going to work to fighting monsters, because people keep approaching you, and you’re too shy to say you’re in a hurry. You get money for quests, but it decreases based on how much time you wasted chatting with people. By being anti-social, you gain more but also lose out on opportunities. There are key players you absolutely need to talk to, but you have to wait for them to separate from their group. You can buy tools, upgrades and disguises which help you avoid people. You can build notoriety so people hate you, but that also makes it harder for you to complete some quests, by say losing access to vital people and locations. You can accidentally meet someone just right for you and start a family, bringing their piercing presence directly into your starting location. You can drop your job, your family and your name and move town for a lump sum, and restart with no one knowing you. The only thing that’s consistent is, at the end of every level, you will get testimonies from people about what a great, pleasant person you are to talk to.",1548580230
akn4cb,"Nintendo decides to change the characters from different series, and they have to get used to the change in order to go back to their own world.","Here is the twist though, every time the characters touch a power up or something of the sorts, it will change to an equivalent of their respective game. A goofy example, When Mario picks up the master sword, it turns into an elongated fire flower. Stupid stuff to add to the charm. P.S. I think it would be really fun to see Samus relax for once in a game.",1548679799
al5h35,A game where you are a smuggler working in the middle east,"A fictional arab country, with three fictional rival factions, one is a terrorists group, the other is the local government which has ties with the east, the third is a western-backed rebels group, it'll be similar to shinibido way of the ninja on the Ps2, where the three lords send you mission contracts and you choose which lord you want to assist and empower, in my game, you smuggle wrapons and equipment, bypassing checkpoints, the stuff you bring in are whats keeping the factions in fighting condition but you can do other missions, you May provide armed escort where one of the factions want to strike a deal about new weapons or gear uogrades with sources from outside and want to send a negotiator but also want to keep a low profile so they ask you to send a small armed escort group, other missions include ambushing enemy convoys, attacking outposts, or ration stockpiles, counter-ambush missions where you smuggle false documents about one of the faction's movement routes to a rival faction, luring them into a trap then attacking them, and once a faction is weak, you can then kidnap or assassinate its high ranking commanders until the faction general himself is exposed so you can finish him off, eliminating his faction from the game",1548800031
akda3p,Endless runner where you collect drugs for trippy expirience (Mobile),"I was on random word generator and just brainstorming some ideas I could do, but I'm interested in what others think about it and is it still worth making yet another endless runner (Subway Surfers, Temple Run etc.) So let's define some basics about the game: Mechanics: It's obviously a runner with mobile controls, but what could make it stand out a bit? Game objective: Collect weed, mushrooms, LSD, DMT, whatever. Different drugs have different speed increase and rate of spawning Core idea: You start in a monochromatic world and with more drugs collecting, the world becomes faster and colorful (not too much, but so it's pleasant to look at) Now for some questions: a) Who are you running from? Police? A dragon? Something else? b) What would be game over? When you fail to collect enough so you return to the black and white boring world? Or what if you would slow down without drugs so you're easier to catch? c) What are the obstacles? Like you have trains in Subway Surfers, what would it be in here? d) What is the place? Street? Maybe space when you collect a lot? e) 3D or top-down view? Something else? f) Drugs are for your speed, but what would you collect for purchasing some powerups or some clothes for character customization? Just regular coins? g) Is it worth it? Isn't the market already too saturated with endless runners? h) Is it moral? A lot of kids play games like this, wouldn't it be a bit controversial game? Also epileptic at some points in the game That's it, I hope it's not too long or too unoriginal, is there already a game similar to this one? Let me know what you think. ",1548605183
ajiacm,Taking a step back in Spell Creation.,"[What inspired this idea was this photo.](https://i.redd.it/neaoqp0gvdc21.jpg) In a lot of games, spell creation or enchantment are really, really boring. It's basically just ""Acquire rare ingredient. Shove rare ingredient into weapon. Done!"" What if the game showed these, too? In fact, made it into a game? I found myself wondering; what would lead to a tattoo design like that? Oh! What if each different shape amplified a magical effect in some way? So, for example, you have a system where *crescents* enhance the power of a spell. *Straight lines* effect the range. Complete circles effect how much magic the spell can hold. Maybe the checkered part influences the type of effect it has. Meanwhile, the amount of ink you have to work with is controlled by the ingredients. So, for example, [look at this image!](https://i.imgur.com/u1rjlG8.png) Fire essence might draw lots of crescents but be very poor at making circles. While Electric Essence might be great at circles, but terrible at lines! BUT, if you try to overload a spell with too much of one, it might change effects entirely, or the entire spell might just collapse under the strain! And *then*, you can have advanced spell effects that do other things by balancing the various amounts in different amounts! For example, a spell that has perfectly balanced Lightning and Cold essence might provide Paralysis. So players would start out with a very basic spell. A straight line connecting a circle to a crescent. And from there, the *players* would have to fiddle with the system to create better spells, find better ingredients, read books ingame on spell creation, and ultimately grow in skill at an *actual* crafting system that is closer to art than stat allocation! Net result; what once was a boring tedious slog could become an actual fun part of the game.",1548369994
akt6jm,I want to create a Middle Eastern/European mixed antagonist for my fighting brawling game,"But I am having trouble coming up with some good inspiration for his design. I want him to have that loo like he is tall, maybe more lean, very clean cut look. But I can't decide if I should make him lean or bulky. Or long hair short hair, facial features or not. even hair and skin tone. Anyone have any good ideas I can use for inspiration for a good design I can go by for him to give him that intimidating and demeanor look? He's supposed to be like a powerful corporate leader and has some demon/devil blood inheritance. Thank you guys.",1548715632
alfmbm,A castlevania game but more open world,"Been a long time fan of Castlevania and now that Netflix made a show about it, which I LOVED, I’d really enjoy a castlevania game that’s much more rpg than previous versions. Like in Breath of the Wild, you could just go fight the final boss whenever you want, even though it’s extremely ill advised to go ill equipped. Dark souls level of hard, but better fighting mechanics. ",1548872349
alfa4e,Game where you’re a wizard. But the only thing you can do is bring statues to life. As you level up you can bring bigger and more powerful statues to life. Starting with garden gnomes. Turn based combat. Enemy wizards can also bring statues to life.,I was in a city looking at an enormous statue and went “hey what if you could recruit statues to fight for you”. It’s very Pokémon esce right now so if anyone has any ideas to separate it that’d be super cool. ,1548870547
akyq80,"VR versus keyboard, Attack on Titan style fighting game","Having only one friend in the group able to use the VR headset at a time, while everyone else watches on, gets a bit boring. This gave me an idea for a game that lets everyone in on the fun. You are in an arena with two to eight players. The VR player is a savage giant. The giant itself has mighty strength but its cumbersome body is also a struggle, perfectly represented by the VR’s limited POV and movement. The others, connected to the game on keyboard and mouse / console / (phones?), must overcome their limited size, using their agility and specialized skills to subdue the giant. You can have many playstyles for your human players: Talisman uses spells to bind the beast’s rage, basically shoots paper charms that reduce its power. Ninja parkours across buildings, leaps and latches onto the beast. Engineer sets traps to trip it, Pilot drops bombs. You can also have Sniper, Archer, Grenadier, the whole nine yards. They work together, assisting one another by transporting each other, baiting and luring the giant into traps, etc. Game modes I can think of: Deathmatch, each person one life, meaning they have to think strategically and work as a team. Giant Survival, the humans revive and the giant kills and destroys as much as possible. Scaling up the game you can even have multiple giants in a massive server. I think this can spawn a lot of humorous situations.",1548757479
amag6p,A game where you have to infect the minds of creatures and then prep them for a date.,"You play as a newly discovered species known as a Pairing-parasite - a matchmaker, if you will. After your discovery, you decide to come out of your microscopic shell and encourage other creatures to do the same. So, you create your own family-run online dating domain called the Para-site. Here, various creatures with anxiety will sign up to get infected by you so you can send them out on a date. Once you infect a creature, you have to fancy them up for their date (buying a tux, using deodorant, eliminating halitosis, etc.). Once you arrive at the date, you will have to choose the proper things for your host to say to charm the date. You run by a 'if you don't get the girl, you don't pay a penny' service, so if you fail to charm the date, your host kicks you out and you have to find a new one - fail enough times and your site will begin receiving bad reviews. If you win, however, you eat part of the host's brain as payment - thus making you grow larger. You start out infecting small insects, like giraffes, and then move on to infect larger objects, like entire planets, etc. At the end of the game, you collapse under your own mass and become a black hole, where you swallow the entire universe and become so large that you become another universe's small and the process starts anew.",1549079530
am84bp,"A racer like Wave Race, except on land with hover bikes AND NOT like Jet Moto.","Racers ride on hover bikes that float relatively high over land. The closer they get to land, the more force they repel back. This allows you to ""dive"" down to launch yourself upward for massive airtime. It's almost like jet skiing over invisible water. Another way to think of it is as if the hoverbikes had a force field around them that pushes back with exponential force the further in any other mass gets. Since the hover bikes repel against anything solid, you can also use this to bounce off of walls, steep declines for a boost forward, and any level geometry on the race course. The physics and futuristic theme would allow for wild racecourse designs, such as ones with vertical hairpins and whatnot.",1549063212
akkcej,Two very different ideas: co-op wave shooter or 1v1 stealth," 1. Wave shooter/tower defense * Players are set in some themed environment (city, island, hell, etc.) where they must defend some type of objective in the middle from invading zombies/aliens/monsters. Every nth wave a boss spawns that requires more damage to kill. Items can be purchased after every round. Players are able to purchase different weapons, attachments, grenades, barricades, traps, turrets, and miscellaneous items. RPG elements are integrated that allow for different stat upgrades such as more movement speed, higher health pool, reload time, etc. * This game would be best with co-op. * This game could work in first-person, third-person, or top-down. It could also work in VR since there isn't a whole lot of movement.  2. Multiplayer infiltration * Two players spawn just outside a heavily guarded mansion/base and must gain access before searching for an objective (diamond/confidential files/etc). * Alternatively, instead of having one main objective, there could be a variety of things placed throughout the building that the player must collect. Whichever player has the most valuable objects after the match ends wins. * Players can attempt to sabotage the other player. One example would be by making noise in the general direction of the other player by throwing items at their location thus causing the guards to move in that direction. * First-person would probably be best for immersion while third-person would probably help with the stealth aspect of the game. -------------- Do any of these ideas seem worth it to pursue?",1548653506
alqcgt,Game that takes place only in the cockpit of a spacecraft,"Was writing some ideas for a game that takes place in a single location and was wondering how I can take the inside of a spacecraft and make a game out of that with the player only having access to the functions of the spacecraft (switches, electronics, etc) and as a note I really like the atmosphere of games like Subnautica and Alien so if I can fit some elements of those games in there that would be nice. This is just a thought and i'm struggling with how I can create some core game play around that idea, I know creative flexibility is limited for an environment like this especially when forcing a player in a small capsule with little visibility of the outside world.",1548947283
alwyh4,Overthrow a city mafia,"You play in a decently sized city. Maybe Chicago sized including surrounding areas. Unlike most games, no place in the city is inaccessible, you just need the right tools. Now you can go into that bookstore. You can see what is inside the 43rd floor of the tallest building. But that's not the point. You and you alone are tasked with bringing down the mafia within the city. (I am a fan of the Just Cause series so think of that style.) It's very hard to tell who is a member or not, and you must use the clues given to you by witnesses/ex members etcetera. You are allowed to kill the members, but it is best to detain them and take them back to stations around the city for interrogation. This is a rough idea and I am totally open to suggestions. If this is somehow magically a game please let me know.",1548986309
alq6vi,Gimme an ideea about a game,"The theme is climate change. It's one of the hardest themes you can think. Just try, it,s quite an interesting challenge. In case you have something, I would love to hear it, it would help me so much. Thx. Sorry if this is in the wrong place. Where is the right place if that is the case?",1548946371
amrjd0,Questgiver - the real hero is the NPC!,"You play the role of a normal NPC in a High Fantasy setting, in a city hub that receives a lot visits from heroes. You're a Questgiver, and as such, your responsibilities are huge for all heroes have a problem: They will accept any guest given to them! But not every hero has the same karma, reputations, affiliations and personalities - and these will influence the world around you, so be careful to give the right quests to the right heroes! -------- So the gameplay is basically just ""associate quests to the right heroes"" Heroes would have LVL that influences their chances to succeed the quest based on the quest level you give them, and their different attributes (Karma, Reputation, Clan Affiliation, Personalities, Class, Race, TBD) would influence the outcome of the quests. The town/world would have certains needs (wealth, culture, security, etc) and sending certain heroes to certain quests will affect these meters. I'm thinking either simple: *Card game - You get a random selection of heroes as cards, the ones you play influence the meters, you must learn to play the right cards to keep the meters [balanced or filled, TBD] - see: [Nirvana - Game of Life](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=goldtusks.doron.nirvana) *Management/tycoon game - The size of the Inn determines the number of heroes that can visit the town, you get to send them on quests but they take time to be done (higher the hero's LVL, faster the quest done, etc). Town upgrades through the results of quests. See: [This Is The Police](https://store.steampowered.com/app/443810/This_Is_the_Police/) Or a bit more complex: *Civilization - A bit like management/tycoon, but the core crux of the game would be less on ""surviving"" (or managing well) and more on building a distinctive ""evolution tree"" based on certain principles. Try and find the right combination of heroes and quests to either make an evil barbaric god-worshiping war-mongers, or an educated technological utopia. So, do more quests associated with Bad Karma and build an evil town, do more quests with heroes associated with a certain clan (The Dragon Hunters) to have a dragon-less world (which would come with its own advantages and consequences). -------- I have a lot of ideas depending on whichever versions I'm focusing at, but I thought that was a neat concept that wasn't explored enough in my opinion. I'd love to hear your thoughts! ",1549214092
am8kvo,Platformer in which enemies you kill are added to the list of characters you can play with,"Metroidvania style, you have 4 slots for characters. The first slot is for your main character, the other 3 for enemies you kill. Your main character cannot be replaced, but the others are replaced in a fifo style (first-in, first-out) automatically with every enemy you kill. You can tap 1 to 4 at any time to choose with which character to play with.",1549066223
akipwn,Valhalla: The Game,"Okay, think about this. The mythology behind Valhalla is that the honored dead every day start their morning by going to battle. they fight all day until nightfall when they all return to the great mead hall of Odin. They then feast all night and rinse and repeat everyday for eternity. So the concept of the game could be that the central hub of the game is the mead hall. This is where the player upgrades their equipment and prepares for the morning. It's also where the player can socialize with other players on the server. Oh, did I not mention that the game is multiplayer? Well anyways, there could be different game modes such as team deathmatch, Free-for-all, and king of the hill or something. The games could hold up to 64-ish players, to make the games seem like its a viking battlefield. Maybe the maps could be varied per gamemode but still seem like you're in a plain of existence meant for the honored dead. IDK how the rewards system would work after each match, but I would want everything that could be earned be earned completely in-game. In other words, NO MICRO-TRANSACTIONS. Overall this could be a cool hack-and-slash multiplayer game with simple gamemodes but plenty of customization on the characters and maps. Thoughts?",1548641563
aef4fx,Great Theme: Shinobi Magic,Haven't seen many games explore the theme of shinobi magic. Noone talks about how Naruto is basically a show about ninja wizards. Would like to see this theme explored more in games!,1547092075
ak1546,Necroworld: a sandbox MMO where dead bodies become immortal undead monsters,"There's a portal where players spawn. Every time a player dies, their body turns into a monster. It can't be killed, only disposed of: disable it, then throw it over the wall. Over time the players will expand the safe territory around the portal, but the number of monsters outside the walls will keep growing. Once the monsters breach the wall and reach the portal, the whole server restarts.",1548511891
adjzgs,i want to create a hero for my fighting game but..,I can't decide which is a better option. He's supposed to be like Ryu from Street Fighter. Either I make him a mixed MMA fighter with torn worn gloves and a champ looking for the next big challenge? Or make him a former warrior monk that left his village after his temple was destroyed?,1546882490
af6xkn,"A typical high fantasy RPG but with sports positions instead of regular character classes (Shaq, Ray Lewis, Babe Ruth, etc)","As the title says. Instead of classes like Mage, Warrior, Barbarian, Paladin, Archer, etc. you have shit like Linebacker, Pitcher, Point Guard, Goalie, etc. Each class has a few big name players from that position that all have slightly different stats (but each class has the same skill tree throughout, so it doesn't vary by player, just class). So Shaq, Ray Lewis, Babe Ruth and Wayne Gretsky or whoever all team up and fight demons, monsters, zombies and all those normal high fantasy bad guys.",1547295782
ae287c,Line Rider VR,"Not a real complicated idea, but possibly cool nonetheless. You draw a course as you would in regular line rider, then you ride it in first person with VR as the Line Rider.",1547001540
ahg5dm,An open world samurai game that’s like far cry/red alert,"I love the samurai era but a lot of games are insanely unrealistic like huge 15 foot bosses or they follow a terrible storyline you have to play, I’d love a fully customisable open world samurai /ronin game, armour isn’t upgraded via pieces but via experience, armour is purely cosmetic and you can choose between warrior or ranger, you have a land to conquer, enemies to kill, and a choice of solo or co-op gameplay (same story just enemies are increased for each person playing) towns you rule are attacked regularly even simultaneously to spark tactical thinking Maybe a quest lined campaign with side quests and the goal to achieve either high samurai/ dark ronin status and keeping that status means fighting, a lot of fighting.",1547852653
ahkuqv,Zombies / mutant people,Will I had a dream about like game . it goes like that I started as a detective that had some army experience . the HQ told to clear a place out of bad people . so I went there with my brother . and before we entered the place there was a guard standing with a sub-machine gun but I think the difficulty of the dream was set on super easy . because he couldn't see me even though I was standing in front of him . so I used my sneaking ability and went inside by pressing A ( I think the dream was on xbox one system) and then I looked behind the door and I saw standing so I pressed X to kill him but he didn't die he used a healing syringe that looked weird it was orange and hind of yellowey . so he used it and got back on his feet but after 10 seconds he turned into a zombie he looked weird his arms was buffed and had an very old skin and I think he was poisoned or something so ran away and went inside the place it was like a hospital and inside I found some grenades and an MP5 and I found some syringes to that made that guy a zombie I examined it and it triggered a cutscene in the cut scene there boss came to me and said that syringe was his invention it goes to your blood and it turns you into a zombie the scene ended and the boss disappeared from the hospital than the guards stated attacking me then I threw a grenade and killed them all . then my brother came in and a sniper spawned next to me and my brother said he doesn't know how to use a sniper so I took the sniper and gave him my MP5 he puted it on a weird crippled people cart (wheelchair) and then I didn't see him anymore in the dream. Then I continued up the stairs I saw a room that had a lot of nersues on bed they were all half dead and there faces were scary . so I went another room and I saw some scary babys and half of them were dead in a weird machine . And I can't remember what happened next in the dream. I think it will be an interesting game . ,1547892069
ahkf7a,Puzzle-style Zuma clone,"Inspired by the reposted [Zuma combo video](https://i.redd.it/q5qmsmc8xab21.gif), I thought of a nice game concept. * The ball path is a loop, so there is no start or end. All balls are visible in the beginning. No need for a time limit, the player can plan their combo in peace. * The game would have levels with increasing difficulty. The ""frog"" could be inside the loop or outside. Elements such as bridges and tunnels can be used to make different levels. Amount of colors affect difficulty level also. * Goal: Use the least possible shots to clear the board.",1547887300
ahpzky,Minmax Based Progression System,"I have an interesting idea for a stat based progression system. The player starts with evenly distributed stats, well rounded but still not good at anything in particular. Upon leveling, the player can reassign a limited number of points (about 3 should work). This should force players to specialize at the cost of other skills. As players raise a stat level, they gain access to finer tuning. For example; a player with high END but low AGI can put points from an AGI based trait like movement speed into an END trait such as health. Multiplayer Sandbox A game like this would work best in a multiplayer sandbox scenario. Players would be encouraged to form groups with others who specialize in different things (base building would make cooperative play more viable). This idea has been rattling around the back of my mind for a few years now, I had this game planned in detail (mostly). I'm not going to go into it here, there's just too much. But if someone doesdecide to make this game, please tell me, I'd love to see how it goes.",1547930292
af9wfs,Through time!,"A game in which each level is a different moment in gaming history. You start in 8-bit levels and end up in RTX(maybe not RTX given the cards being. AHEM, costly). &amp;#x200B; I am aware this is not feasible to develop^(Certainly not for a programmer like me) and that each level is going to require a different artist, most likely.",1547316438
afv8e9,An idea for an ARPG-ish game I had...,"Broad strokes: Procedural worlds of prebuilt blocks like a diablo Builds, item rarities, passives third person shooter Borderlands meets crackdown Specifics: Load into a world with your starting building ideally say you could run a rank 10, you'd start in a rank 9 dungeon and by the end, you'd have one life'd your way to a rank 12 dungeon from the loot and shoot gameplay. You'd have optional objectives, mandatory ones and bonus ones. The optional would be things like ""oracle"" which would give map vision The bonus would be increased loot should you win and the mandatory are victory conditions for advancement and loot I see the big problem with dungeon grind fests is the same-samey-ness This gives us a chance to gamble time, effort, ammo and health for a larger payout. ",1547467970
afx5fk,The Smairi,"Server start at the dawn of time, any player joins will be a random human, you collect wealth, own land, have knowledge and power, the ultimately die. Your soul will transfer to you son or a random human. You try to find the best wife with good genes, health and muscularity, so your child could be stronger and conquer the world. Imagine CIV trees but for a personal level, where you can try to have a character invent electricity and keep it in the family as a secret.  I like history and never saw a game touch this perspective.",1547481499
adako0,Colony/Group management sim with an AI feeding the player false information as an antagonist.,"Had the idea for a while, but only found this sub today. Basic premise is the colony ship you're managing breaks down while in space, and your AI helper malfunctions and starts trying to save the crew and passengers from you by replacing all this harmful air with vacuum from outside. All systems get shut down or put on manual control, and the crew retreats to a part of the ship where they're safest. However, that AI still believes there's a harmful quantity of air in there, and will stop at nothing to vent all the air from the ship. &amp;#x200B; You play as the ship's commanding officer trying to retake the unsafe parts of the ship, find supplies and survivors, and shut down the AI. However, you don't leave the area yourself, you monitor everything using a control panel and send out teams to navigate the ship. The AI is constantly hacking into computers to increase its computing power and make itself more powerful, gaining control of more parts of the ship and becoming more active as it does so. Starting with just sending you messages asking you to give its control back, eventually progressing to hacking all the security bots to perform a hostile takeover of the ship and/or hacking into the terminal you're using and opening all the doors and airlocks. &amp;#x200B; The ""misinformation"" part comes in to play in the middle of this; the AI can't open doors on its own, but it can communicate with you and impersonate your away teams. Your teams will send you requests for assistance; toggling security measures on or off, opening/closing doors and airlocks; however, the AI can also make requests just like your teams, so keeping a close eye on their whereabouts and the location of any open airlocks and hostile security measures is a must. Crew members are a limited resource, so if too many die it's essentially game over. &amp;#x200B; Game is won when all the AI's main computers are found and destroyed; after that point it would just be cleanup on an almost 100% safe ship, so no point in the game continuing past that point. Maybe an alternative win scenario would be a successful rendezvous with a rescue ship, or all the crew and passengers escaping in pods.",1546812908
aecw1i,Ideas for a puzzle-platformer with real-time machanics,"I'm majoring in Computer Engineering and I'd like to develop a game as my final project. &amp;#x200B; I want to make a puzzle-platformer and thought about a game mechanic that revolves around real world time. From this, I branched three diferent ideias: &amp;#x200B; * **Some areas/levels of the game are required to be played at a certain time**. I'm worried about this one, because limiting when the player can play the game could be a terrible idea, as it would most probably interrupt the flow of the game. &amp;#x200B; * **The game difficulty changes depending the time when you play**, eg it gets more difficult at night. I tought about including the time limit thingy from ideia A as well, as to make the game more interesting, otherwise the player can simply only play in the morning and the game would be too easy and boring. &amp;#x200B; * **The game can only be played at night.** I have two takes on this ideia: the first would be a suspenseful/horror/creepy type of game (kinda like Inside). The other is to have the main character be a little kid that falls in a world of dreams and nightmares sorta like a Alice in Wonderland type of thing. &amp;#x200B; I'm looking for feedback on this ideias, if I can improve them somehow or what other game mechanics I can include... &amp;#x200B; Thanks (: &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;",1547077012
afzm59,A story driven RPG based on Avatar: The Last Airbender,"Just wanted to throw this idea out there. I have been watching a lot of youtube videos about Avatar recently. And I have learned that there is actually a rly deep story behind the characters of Avatar. Its more than just ""And the fire nation attacked"" xD The video that gave me the idea of a story based game about avatar was : # Zuko's Mom Explained: The Life of Ursa (Avatar the Last Airbender Breakdown) Like wtf ? I never knew this when I watched the series when I was a kid. This is super interesting. Legit the story of avatar could make an amazing game. ",1547495630
aios8y,Concept testing our new idea for a spooky game with survival and strategy elements,"Hey everyone! We (me and my team) have put together this survey for concept testing our new game idea, in hopes of getting some feedback from you guys. This game is intended to be played on mobile and is targeted towards adults aged 25-35, gamer mothers and fathers. The basic idea is that in the game every night, shadowy monsters creep out from the dark corners of a young girl's room. Her only defense is her flashlight, since light can vanquish the shadows away. But she has to use it sparingly, since it can run out of batteries… The player can control the flashlight, turning it on and off and directing its beam around the room. The objective is to keep the monsters away from the girl for as many nights as possible, each night being a separate level between which she'll regain a portion of her courage. We would appreciate if you could help us out! Link to the concept test survey (google form): [https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1jDpbGtOR19VAtxPKGDLSGk2ThB7b1TjPcAhArP7d9EQ](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1jDpbGtOR19VAtxPKGDLSGk2ThB7b1TjPcAhArP7d9EQ) Thanks!",1548176122
aglzij,Interesting Levelling System,"Now I'm not sure if this has already been done before, but just a little idea that I've added to my game concept (I'm a wannabe game dev). NOTE: This is for a single player RPG So each time the player levels up, their character’s base Health and Stamina will be increased by 10 points, starting at 100 points and maxing at 600 points; the player has the choice of which stat to increase first, second and third. Alongside their Stats, the player can increase their Personal Talents (Speech, Intelligence, Strength etc) beyond what they initially selected during character customization every 25 level ups (only five times in a singular play through). Players can improve their General Skills (Light Weapons, Heavy Weapons, Movement etc) by doing a variety of tasks, such as using their weapons and wearing their armour during combat; each General Skill can be improved 100 times, increasing the player's effectiveness with that skill. In addition, at every 10 stages of each skill, the player is able to choose one of three Special Skills, which can range from unlocked a new kill move, increased damage, to faster reload or movement speed; the player can acquire 10 Special Skills from each General Skill.",1547651083
aipyye,Underused RPG subgenres?,"I'm a sort of experienced unity dev, and I wanted to try my hand at a voxel-isometric RPG, but I've been stuck on a subgenre. I thought about steampunk, but that didn't fit well with isometric. Any ideas? All ideas are appreciated, so reply away!",1548182736
ai5ufr,“Open universe”,"Imagine a massive “open world” game where you travel from earth into deep space going planet to planet and so on at your own will. Id call it “Open Universe”. Say its based sometime in the not so far away future and earth is failing to properly sustain its human population any longer, maybe the sun is burning out and if we do not find a new life sustaining planet to populate, the human race will eventually no longer exist. We are much more technologically advanced and we have figured out how to travel many lightyears at a time giving us the ability to reach planets we do not know exist yet. I want this game to feel extremely massive and vast, yet make entertaining and unique gameplay and possibilities for each planet you begin colonizing, eventually you could have colonies on multiple planets (possibly multiple galaxies or star systems) or you can focus on making one or few planets that are becoming more and more concentrated with trees, plants, animals, people farming, houses, towns being built, and families with children being born which keeps your head count rising and humans thriving. Different planets would have different advantages like good farming and fertile lands, maybe some have vast oceans and thriving sea life which we’d harvest and sustain ourselves on. There is a very scifi theme to this game and you are always discovering strange new alien wild life, strange atmospheric cycles and climates. some point we eventually come to confrontation with someone or something that is also colonizing new planets (maybe aliens or maybe a secret unknown branch of our own government) that wants these planets and resources for their own use without large breeding populations of humans on them (not yet sure how we fight them but its not a full on alien battle game). I could go on with possibilities and details but I will stop here because I have gotten my main point across. I understand that this is not yet fully possible in gaming the way I am putting it and would take a ridiculous amount of time and devotion from game developers but say we size things down to a reasonably possible options that still make the game seem massive with lots of options and possibilities. Suggestions and fixes in my theory of how it could work are welcome!",1548040928
ahu3k8,What if everyone on the game design and idea sub reddits worked together to make something similar to the Oasis,"I just saw this post saying that VR in 10 years will be just like the Oasis from Ready Player One. What if everyone on this sub Reddit worked together and made the Oasis. Everyone brings a little something to the table, whether it's code or graphics. It would take time and effort. But if we can work together, we could change the video game world for a long time. Even technology engineers could help by making a device that could run the program much like the visors but more affordable than other VR devices. I know I'm ripping on a lot of ideas from Ready Player One and Ernest Cline, but it's been a long time since I played a good online game. I know some people might think that VR Chat is close enough for now. But why settle with those memes. There is enough brain power to make something better. ",1547957646
ai5m2t,VR Harry Potter game,What if there's a PVP VR game of Harry Potter? Like the game is all about wizard/witch duels and it's pure competitive. The cherry on top is that you need to do the SPECIFIC HAND/WAND MOVEMENTS and CORRECT PRONUNCIATIONS of the spells. Now I actually never played any VR games before so I wouldn't really know how it all works. But is it somehow possible at least in the future?,1548039257
ai9p88,"Lirik played Cooking Simulator, cool game",[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSFb82X1o9c](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSFb82X1o9c),1548074100
aib4id,"I have an idea for an underwater themed platformer, with the main mechanic being bubbles.","As the title says, the main character would be using bubbles in order to attack, trap enemies, make platforms, way of movement, to float, etc. It would have a Yoshi’s island mechanic where the enemies you trap will follow you if you touch them when trapped in a bubble, and to go the Shovel Knight route and have a big emphasis on playing around with the main mechanic and the way it can be used. The graphics would follow the example of the cancelled Kirby game which has a storybook like art style. It would have a light hearted tone with a big emphasis on not taking itself seriously, but if themes are touched, they will be treated with the most respect, and try to give an enjoyable/satisfying journey for the player. For the story so far I have the idea that the main character is a boy that finds a seashell that ends up being a police badge from an underwater creature which transports him to the underwater land and he decides to help them. Thank you for reading if you did go this far. I would like to hear your opinions and hopefully some constructive criticism regarding the idea.",1548084576
afly0v,Are FNAF clones dead yet?,"Because I've got an idea for an interesting take on the genre. A horror game where you play as a chronically paranoid person. You're in your apartment, and you have to do things like check the windows or the door peephole, maybe the door to see if it's locked, etc... There's no actual danger, but you have a paranoia meter that will slowly fill up if you fail to do these things. If it fills up completely, you'll panic, and might do something stupid. For example, let's say someone is knocking on your door. If you check the peephole, you'll see it's only the mailman or something and the crisis is resolved, but if you don't... well, you have a gun. You *are* paranoid about your safety after all. The mailman's increasingly irritated (he knows you're home because the light's on) and forceful knocking might start to sound to you like he's trying to break in. There's a gun in your hands. I don't think I have to say anything more. What would make the game scary? Well, you'll be seeing the world from the eyes from a paranoid person. You'll be subjected to whatever their disordered imagination can cook up. Maybe you'll even find *yourself* doubting whether the perceived danger really is imaginary. Maybe at some point in the game, someone will come over to visit, but something will seem... *off*. The hallway is curiously dark, the lighting doesn't seem to be working - you can't see much through the peephole except for uncertain silhouettes, and even those seem off. The person will talk to you through the door, tell you to quit your nonsense and let them in, but something doesn't feel right. The person will get increasingly more insistent. Creepy ambient music starts to pick up. Do you let them in?",1547402966
ael9dd,Black Smith Sim,"I did look it up and saw a game with this name, but my idea is a bit more intricate so here we go: A simple game where you use a hammer to shape a piece of steel into anything you want. As in, you pick a spot on the piece to hit and, depending on the size of hammer, the steel will change its shape, similar to real life. The mechanic coukd be used to simulate forming a large variety of parts from nails, to swords, to armor. The game consists of people making orders, then the player attempting to make the item that was ordered. Items could be rated on quality (closeness to ordered part). I imagine this one mechanic would be challenging enough to program, but the game wouldn't go much further beyond thar. It would probably be similar to sculpting 3d models. I would actually like to try making this if any programmers are interested. I can do 3d modelling, and I'm looking to learn rigging, texturing, animating, etc. so I'm willing to take on that side of things. Otherwise, feel free to criticise, comment, and the like.",1547141477
afwzpb,Pre-Apocalypse game,"The idea have a game where you will speed run to the nearest groceries store, steal a truck and find the best location to hide, breakthrough and barricade. Survive until death ",1547480547
afqx79,literally just dark souls except with low poly-old school runescape-esc graphics,just an intresting image to put in your head,1547432121
aghxsn,L.A Noire's spiritual successor,"I'm not sure if this is coincedence, but I'm working my way through L.A Noire right now, so this post is perfect. I'm also playing Resident Evil 4, and thought it would be an interesting idea if there were some people that are just plain dangerous and speak gibberish when you interrogate them (for 5 seconds) I would've wanted an L.A Noire sequel to be more light-hearted and funny (like your partner at some point is someone who acts like Norm Mcdonald and says funny shit) and it only gets serious when you're interrogating a guy, like in the original L.A Noire when theres background intense music when you get stuff right, and have a slowly building loud droning noise or titinus noise and angelic apocalypse woman singing ""ahhh"" when you're deciding if a guy's guilty or innocent. (Almost like in the original when everything gets awesome and serious) In this game, you can do what you normally can't do in L.A Noire, like freely use the combat and gun system at any given time. With this being a detective game, you don't always have to be a good detective. You can do drug delivers for people (and turn them completely around if you want to be good, unlike GTA) The rumor system will be completely simplified. Not everyone hears about what you do. Random people will talk good about you to other people, or bad things. The bad things would be based on newspaper headlines however, and not personal opinion, and newspaper headlines only come after each solved case or event. You could of course just walk into the printing company and have a little word with them (or beat the piss out've the issuer every time) Take a look at this picture. http://i.imgur.com/72euJ.jpg Notice how the guy on the far left looks like L.A Noire's main character. Now notice the hipster on the right. That's your ""old"" partner (ugh) He turned to a life of drugs and now he wants revenge. This doesn't have to be a main story line either. You can just see him on the street, and your very first interaction cutscene appears (like in GTA IV) You question whether or not it's really him, but it is. And he's a cocky hobo now too, he's in charge of the bum camp. And he swears it's his life mission to get back at you. If you refuse to talk to this guy at all during the whole game, it'll never be revealed he's behind some very big plot line. You'll be looking at an old picture of you two and say ""This whole senario was just like the old days. If only he was still here"". But if you interact with him enough, it'll be revealed at (almost the end of the game) you have a big realization by looking at the photo of you two, that his appearance was described by someone earlier in the game, and random poems you found before in the game are connected straight to him (otherwise they are uncredited) then you decipher where he might be (maybe at a rainy dock) and you go there, have a little emotional talk, you might shoot him, then boom, the game's main story line is over. In this game, you can walk into a lot of buildings, but most buildings will have a peculiar feature. You can ""knock"" on everyones door and should ""LPD, open up"" This opens up to interesting dialogue potential, whether or not any door would open up, you might get shot, drugged and go to a trippy fantasy land, or simply just no answer. Not every house has an inside, you can't just walk in or go through the window. There would definitely be chase scenes, including both on foot and vehicle, but action scenes, like you having to tap a button or press a combination of buttons back and forth are cheap and will be thrown out. (Walking-balancing would still be a thing) Also, gun distance range wouldn't be a problem at all, nothing is ever too far away if it's a human shooting at you (as opposed to the original) You're a perfect shooter. You can also ride helicopters and planes in this one. Your notebook doesn't have everything this time. If you want to look at the map, you have to take out and unfold a map, just like a newspaper. Aside from the basic notebook functions returning, you also have a fame checker in your notebook. You write down stuff you've overheard about other people to look at in your notebook (as opposed to you just hearing about yourself in the first game) and that can be used as evidence even. It's as simple as just walking around the right person.  In this game, you start out at the police station every time you die. That, or your personal home. It depends on which is closer. It could also take ideas from Stealth games, where you can drag bodies to the darkness so they won't be seen by other bad guys, or have someone in a choke hold as an ALTERNATIVE to a regular interview.",1547616454
agm4j1,Splatoon isometric turn based tactical shooter,"https://forums.tigsource.com/index.php?topic=66630.0 As instructed by Tribute games I posted the concept GDD on tig sources as a dev log. &amp;nbsp; But to summarize quickly. It is a turn based tactical shooting game using the mechanics of splatoon. I took great care to replicate the game feel of splatoon from your ability to navigate the map and the way shots act, as well as the interactions between the player and enemies (including other players). &amp;nbsp; Its mechanics are universal in that it can be used to create a 4 v 4 player vs player game of hide and seek chess. Or an interesting tactics based single campaign with many exotic enemy types. &amp;nbsp; I neither have the resources or skills or connections to really make this game however. But I think it has enough merit to show off. Should anyone actually be interested in giving this a go. You are fully welcome to (just credit all my hard work and weeks mulling this over and committing it to a GDD form). FYI thinking it over, its way more practical to create the first build as a pvp game. Since the single player will require coding in AI (though I have covered how simple the scripts can be and be compensated with good level design).",1547651951
ahbrly,Cannabis Dispensary/Coffeeshop simulator,"* Procedural strains (generated from a list of side effects, flaws, bonuses, colours, smells, tastes, THC content, CBD content, sativa, indica, ruderalis etc) * Growing mechanics (cross breeding, different nutrients, maybe you need to use a pesticide, maybe you keep it organic, manage issues that could arise such as insects, mold or nutrient deficiencies). * Tycoon management in terms of managing the coffeeshop or dispensary, buying seeds, water, soil, electricity, equipment etc * Design your coffeeshop or dispensary in a similar way to Game Dev Tycoon or The Sims (add amenities, increase customer satisfaction, balance prices of drinks/food/weed/hash/pre-rolls with the customer satisfaction to generate profit) I think something like this with the entire buzz of new countries legalizing cannabis use would generate hype relatively easily for a game like this. Depending on how good the budtending simulator part of the game is it could also be used as a tool for budtenders to plan what they're going to do or even as an educational tool for aspiring budtenders.",1547826574
aeglcs,How would you make a game where you manage a restaurant or cafe etc. more interesting?,,1547103639
acyayn,A 6v5+1 strategy action shooter,"Basic concept: One side consists of 6 terrorist defending an highjacked ship (layout is randomly generated) and must keep the loot safe untill the enemy team is killed and/or the timer runs out. 5 Counter terrorists + 1 strike coordinator must recapture the ship and loot within a set time. Coordinator gets to know rought enemy spawn location and via skills can obtain additional intel and lays out an attack plan for the team. One match consists of 10 rounds with ~5-7 minutes timer. At the start of the round, players will choose one loadout and the coordinator chooses his skills. Bullets have to travel, so they can be dodged and grenades create shrapnel",1546722541
aejbh6,"Form about VR, fiction and media usage.","Hello, I'm working in an academic project that consists on building a virtual reality experience in a fiction setting, and I have a short google form about VR, fiction and media usage. If you can spend 5-10 minutes, the input of anyone involved in gaming or game design is highly appreciated. Thanks. [https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdnnsy1E9PS7wbxU3pmc47PQ3\_y2\_X-h7p\_sovmRqeB3eYqbg/viewform?usp=sf\_link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdnnsy1E9PS7wbxU3pmc47PQ3_y2_X-h7p_sovmRqeB3eYqbg/viewform?usp=sf_link)",1547128405
aeielw,Game mechanic idea: Has it been done; would it work?,"Okay so I have this idea for a game, I don't really care if anyone steals it because I'm never going to be able to create it anyway. I'll layout the game as I envision it, then the game mechanic. So basically you start off with one character. The setting is an unspecified Asian (Japanese/ Korean/ Chinese) type setting, in times of feudal empires, but also slightly fantasy setting (NOT steampunk!). There is a certain degree of magic or unrealistic abilities. As you travel through the openworld you meet various characters, and by different interactions you can make some friends and enemies, and recruit characters to join you, and you can train them and upgrade their weapons etc. BTW this is a first person type view not a final fantasy type thing. Closest comparison would be Onimusha or something. Anyway as you go through you get harder and harder challenges, but also build a bigger and bigger army. The final mission is to overthrow the Emperor in a massive battle. Each of the characters you recruit can be controlled by you, or you can have them controlled by AI. When you go into any battle you choose one character to go in with (you can also add as many in AI mode as you wish, but you cannot control them again if you do so). You attack the enemy, and considering it's just one of you vs their entire army at that point yu'll probably die pretty quickly. But here's the thing, the entire game is recorded, and you can then go back and select your next character. Say for example your next character kills the enemy that killed your first character, you can then resume the battle from that point with the first character, and so on. I am only an amateur coder, so I'm not even sure if this would be possible. It would take a crazy amount of processing power for a start.. What do you think? Would you play this game? ",1547121317
ae8a7s,Where are the 3D sandbox games?,"Why haven’t 3D sandbox games been made? We have amazing 2D games like powdertoy where you can simulate from nuclear fusion to actual computers in the game. It also runs smoothly on potato rigs, so 3D cannot be THAT intensive to make right?",1547050223
ae7eif,Elder Scrolls-ish game with Bob Ross,"An open world game in Skyrim style but the entire world is based on Bob Ross paintings, so with many lakes, dreamy skies (even more dreamy than it already is). I think it would make an utopian world.",1547044666
acs2m9,Open World Sandbox Where You Play As A Demigod,"So tonight, I've been looking for an open-world game, but they're all the same, gangs, wild west, legos. \*YAWN\* But while looking I've come up with an idea. Now Im no designer so this may suck/be expensive/what-have-you, but I think it's a nice idea.  \*Concept\* You get to explore this open world filled with monsters/mythological creatures. I imagine there'd be some story but thats up for interpretation. \*Character\* I envision that you choose which god you're descended from, those impact abilities. Okay so I fleshed it out a bit better but these are just my ideas. If you decide to make this, feel free to scrap these ideas: \-Much like in RDR2, you start off with a horse but you can catch and tame Unicorns/Dragons to ride around. \-Karma system. So I feel like with this game it'll end with the gods deciding if they should let you in to Olympus and make you a fully-fledged god. Karma could affect this/types of creatures you tame, etc. \-I envision the story involves you doing missions for the gods, which could be normal humans in this world. I have more ideas for this but these were just the main ones. Sorry if it sucks but hey, it's fun to dream right? ",1546673900
aj6pwq,Ski Freak,"First-Person, Online Multiplayer only, VR compatible (best experience) You and 5 friends (or strangers) meet at the ski lodge of the world’s largest skiing mountain, planning to take the lift up to the very top and make your way back down. But that’s not all- you also plan to investigate the mystery of the top of the mountain, in which many a skier have vanished without a trace - hence why nobody ever goes to the top anymore. What you find is horror beyond imagination. The ski lodge is an interactive lobby where up to 30 players can socialize. You can wait there for other players to join and play pool, throw darts, drink, eat, or just hang out at the bar. VR is the best way to experience this. Once you have enough players to go on your journey, you all exit the ski lodge and take a seat on the old disused ski lift. When you’re ready, tell the operator to send it to the top (cut scene interlude). At the top of the mountain you quickly dismount the lift. The area is as abandoned as you’d expect, so you begin your descent. Segment 1 is a short, gradual slope that ends at a small, abandoned resting area. Segment 2 is more difficult, and that’s when the mystery of the mountain makes itself apparent- someone, or some THING- some freak is chasing you. You can hear the tree branches cracking. You can hear it’s labored breath and the snow crunching under its heavy footsteps. It’s coming. Don’t look back, you need to focus on what’s in front of you. Ski faster. Faster! Get to the next rest area! There are 10 segments to go, each increasing in difficulty. You and your 5 friends must successfully avoid obstacles and out run the freak, until you finally reach the bottom and reconvene in the ski lodge. During your descent you’ll stop at rest areas between segments. These turn out to be safe areas due to the electric lighting (the freak is afraid of it). In some of the later rest areas are frozen bodies and skeletons of previous skiers that died there waiting for help that would never come. You can upgrade your gear by looting the corpses- faster skis, a powerful flashlight that will scare off the freak briefly if he catches you (runs on a kinetic-charge battery so you need to charge it up by skiing), and a few other helpful items- you will have to decide with your team who gets what. Each segment features new challenges. Some are the terrain itself becoming more difficult to navigate - between trees, jump over rocks, etc - and some challenges are traps set up by the freak. Trip wires, pitfalls, spikes, etc. Skiers can pick themselves up when downed by crashes or being swatted by the freak. Skiers die instantly when falling into one of the freak’s traps. If knocked down by the freak, you have a few seconds to deploy a flashlight or other deterrent to scare it away, giving you time to get back up again. Other skiers can divert the freak’s attention from downed skiers by skiing really close. Other skiers can also help up downed skiers, which is faster than someone getting themselves up. Of course this assumes you’re not the last skier in the group. If the freak knocks you down and you are unable to get back up, it will eat you. A gory mess will be left behind at your death site for all to see (it will remain there for the next play session) Players will have the option to enable mid-game match making at each rest area- meaning, if you have 4 people and want 6, you might meet up with 2 players at a rest area who were each looking for a game, and had made it to that particular check point. Proximity voice chat is important here. You can either use pre-recorded dialogue from an options menu, or your mic. Other players can only hear you depending on distance and volume. Staying close is important for communication. If someone in your group dies, there is no notification- you’ll have to learn that the hard way. The Freak has a desire for skiers who are alone, and will usually target the fastest one of the group. So, if you think you’re just going to ski away and leave your group behind, expect more encounters with the Freak. And maybe your friends will choose not to help you when they catch up. The game will use a system similar to Left 4 Dead’s AI Director in that it will actively monitor player behavior and skill and adjust difficultly accordingly on the fly. This includes things such as increasing the rate of equipment malfunction (boot comes unstrapped, goggles fog up, etc), increasing the frequency and/or duration of white-outs, adding deep snow to slow everyone down or increasing the number of Freak traps ahead on the course. If players are blowing through segments with little trouble, they can expect the next segment to feature more traps and freak encounters as well as the aforementioned environmental and equipment challenges. Sessions should last anywhere between 15 minutes to half an hour. Procedural terrain generation will be used to ensure the map is different every time you play. Players with the best times will have their scores represented by plaques on the walls of the ski lodge, along with individual or group photos. Players who don’t survive will have their avatar posted on the “Missing” wall in the lodge for 7 real-world days. You can custom-create an avatar, but when it dies in the game, it is erased except for the photo hanging on the wall. There is no player progression so you don’t lose anything you can’t get back - you can always make a new avatar that looks identical to the last one. The game is meant to be light-hearted and darkly humorous. The gore and the visual of the Freak eating players will be cartoonish and over the top. Players should be screaming in fear and laughing in delight simultaneously.",1548290571
akgyq6,Quite litterally a dream,"Was playing this game in an actual dream (Did I use the flair right?) Heres the quick pitch: Take Burnout Paradise open world style map and fuse it with Mario Kart. Those that haven't rolled their eyes and left hear me out. It was Mario Kart, but you could drive around all the region's. Everything from Peaches castle to Luigi's mansion, from Bowsers fiery lands to a stylised version of New Donk City. I can even imagine there would be a road up the Rainbow Road. Gameplay: Pull up to an intersection and start a race. Races will either be circuit or point A to point B. There could be stunt events too. (Just think Burnout Paradise) Plot: Bowser kidnaps Peach's car and you have to race to get it back? I'm sure there would be some legal issues just making Burnout but Mario, but hey. It was an awesome dream driving through the mushroom city darting in and out of traffic. ",1548630146
acp6wr,Naruto VR,"First things first this is just an idea I thought would be cool.I have never used reddit before just would like some feedback. I do not have any experience making games just thought this would be a cool idea. The game is what the name is. I saw that a lot of people shy away when people say anything about MMO. But I think that this would make the game cool. Give your ideas and we can make this into a really cool concept. I am a huge fan on both VR and the anime Naruto. What kind of Game is this? This would be a MMORPG or just a Fighting Game Where you would make a character Assign that character to a village and then play on from there. How it would work: In the anime ""Naruto"" there are ninja. They use a combination of these ""hand signs"" to perform ""Jutsu"". This Jutsu does many things such as summon other beings and create big attacks. Binding different combinations on a Oculus controller to make these hand signs and then in game is performs that Jutsu. How it could be played #1.  You would make you character in a world that others explore and such. Then you will discover new people, make enemies, and friends. You could go on missions against NPC and Against real people. Make a clan or join an existing one. Those who know the anime know that clans have different traits to them. As would yours when you make it. You can level up your clan and assign it to protect one of the major villages in the game. (I like this idea the most but its a long shot) How it could be played #2. You choose from existing characters that are from the anime and go into one of the maps that you can choose from. Fight you opponent(s) until one of you wins the match. Each character would have their own abilities strengths and weaknesses. ",1546651638
a43vs5,CXool game i have been making recently,Have explained the mechanics on my sub : r/rollout,1544215395
a3qi8d,[May have been posted before] Flight Royale!,"Before I get into this I want to say that this was actually a game I was working on and was about 60% finished with but Unity deleted my files -\_- If anyone wants to pick it up you're free to do so &amp;#x200B; it's a battle royale to get on the plane. People start at various entrances of the airport and have to make it through the airport and board the plane. You can pick various 'classes' that offer dis- and advantages. E.G. you could pick the 'backpacker' class that is the strongest and comes pre-equipped with a lot of items but is slower due to his bag. Once you make it on the plane the fight isn't over yet, you still have to fight over the overhead compartments. You'll only be able to take the items you that you put in the overhead bin; You'll always be able to take at least 1 item for balance reasons. &amp;#x200B; Once you arrive at the next airport you need to fight for your connecting flight. The thing being, you actually just get put into another game except that you are already at the gate and possibly start later **or** earlier than the rest. For every consecutive flight you manage to get you get points following the following scheme: |consecutive flights|points| |:-|:-| |0 (didn't get on plane)|1| |1|10| |2|30| |3|60| |4|100| |5|150| With these points, you'll be able to purchase new classes. Your starting class is 'the businessman' a well-rounded class with the ability 'business class' allows you access to the priority lines and the lounges (good pickups like food and the like).",1544119818
a456fu,Summer,"Sunny days, adventure, freedom and no school. The best part of the year that every kid love. In almost every game we play as an adult. But sometimes some game with kid or young as a protagonist comes out. Life is strange, The last of us, child of light, bully, the walking dead and south park. And these games are actually good! And all of them all for adults. I would like to see open world game where I will play as a kid. Set in middle Europe during early 21 century. Riding bikes! building shelters, delivering newspapers for money, but mainly resolving some mystery, fighting with kids from other school, drugs, getting to serious trouble with local serial killer or breaking in to houses for evidence. Police catch you? Game over. Player or other kids can broke leg, arm and it will take a week to recover. But you have time only to the end of summer. Maybe then could continue after year and game would show you what happend. This game needs very good story.",1544223794
a4himh,Need a little help with my snowman idea :(,Ok I decided I would try and creat my snowman character idea for my dark toned theme brawler game and I think it would be cool to make the snowman some kind of trapping zoner all composed of ice and ice like attacks and abilities but right now it just seems really silly. What could I add to the design or plastyle to make the snowman character seem more serious and gritty? Or at least some way fitting as a cool concept brawling game character? Should he be from the arctic? Or somewhere deep in the Siberian forest or Himalayan mountains? Or some altered magic ice world?What would be a good way to make him look and feel opposing and not just some silly joke character? thank you.,1544324999
a4t6z0,"Some fantasy, crazy hunters game.","I'm just thinking and I got an idea for a game just today. The main protagonist is a 14 year old girl named Cathy Anne. She lives in a log cabin with her single father who deeply cares for her. In the beginning, the player finds a newspaper warning people of animal hybrids that are 'freaks of nature that walks among us'. Later that day, Cathy takes a stroll on a dirt path in the woods. However, the path takes her deep in the woods. She starts to get scared since it was now night time. Then, she sees one of the creatures in the newspaper article. At first, she mistakens her as a human and tries to ask for help, The two of them both became startled and scared of each other until Cathy explains that she wasn't trying to hunt her down. The creature's name is Umbra who seems to be around the same age as Cathy. A new friendship forms between the two girls as Umbra guides Cathy back to her home. In exchange, Cathy swears that she'll protect Umbra from any hunters thus begins a new adventure. Honestly, I feel like the game mechanics and the controls should remain a secret because I don't want to give away my idea too much. Although, I feel like one important thing to mention is that hurting people is an option, not that it'll affect anything from the game. Well, that was my idea.",1544423384
a4oan0,A horror survival game set in a manor where you are being chased by ghosts and vampires but ghosts can only be seen with in reflections like mirrors.,Basically use reflections to look for ghosts but obviously vampires have no reflection.,1544386569
a3wazr,Dimorphosis: Survive in a kafkaesque bureacracy as a minute female of a fantasy race,"Survival horror adventure set in a kafkaesque fairytale world inhabited by insectoid monsters with extreme sexual dimorphism, males being much larger and stronger than females. The strict, bureaucratic laws of this world restrict citizens equally, disregarding their physical differences, and also see those not registered and accounted for by the government as outlaws. You play as an amnesiac, friendless and forgotten female attempting to survive in this world without connections or wealth. Devoid of the law’s protection, you are intensely vulnerable to predators of all kinds and are unable to do nearly anything legally except mill in the streets. You need to be canny and fearful to survive, because in a world that’s so repressed by day, you don’t want to be alone at night…",1544156453
a4aft6,Singleplayer 2d game ideas?,"I am fully idealess and tought that this sub might help me The only reason for it having to be singleplayer,2D Is cause im not so advanced yet so yea im looking forward to you're ideas.",1544273105
a596kt,V.engeance Day : A lite Tabletop RPG themed around a School Shooting,"So my friends asked me to DM a game with this basic premise: the player characters are four socially marginalized teenagers with the resources/lifestyle that would be available to typical middle-class suburban white high schoolers. Since these PCs are supposed to be social outcasts I was thinking of assigning each a random character flaw to explain why they get bullied. The objective of the session is for each character to fulfill a personal vendetta assigned to their character (this may be killing a specific NPC, destroying a specific part of the school, or getting a specific message aired by the mass media), with the secondary objective of achieving a 'high score' by exceeding all other shootings in kills/damages. The session will be divided into two distinct stages. Preparation, where the PCs have a limited time to gather the resources/training for their attack with the objective of avoiding detection, and then the attack itself. I was thinking of turning this into an standalone game with its own systems called V.engeance Day : The Column Pines High Massacre",1544551173
a4nee2,Dark Siblinghood: A refined and renamed ShadowBound.,"# Concept The game revolves around the themes of risk, vunerbility, and loss. The games main mechanic is that there are real consequences to using your special abilities. For example, say you cast a healing move. The character who used it will get a small stat debuff and will risk getting closer to getting a very bad status condition. The 3 themes can also be seen in the story. # Story The year is 202X. Monsters are fully integrated into society. They bring with them the ancient art of magic. One day, a plague sweeps across the world, affecting all magic users. To make matters worse, A giant behemoth is going on a mindless rampage. A month later, two siblings, Steven and Phara, are resting at a camp. They have goals to find their mother, who might give them a chance to stop this disease. # Party Members Steven: (A 16 year old, loves his guitar, and loves meeting new people. He can help the entire party, or hinder all the enemies.) Phara: (A phoenix girl who is Steven's foster sister. She is a magic based healer.) Gary: (A skilled user of the Kamikaze style of fighting. He can damage himself in order to deal extra damage to the enemy.) Scars: (An edgy skeleton who wants to do something good in his life for once. He is a magic based buffer/debuffer.) Grenda: (A lonely ghost, who is part in the physical world, part in the afterlife. She can use certain ""Ghost Items"" which are exclusive to her.) More are going to be included. # Item Examples Some of the more interesting or game changing items are here. Trash Burger (You got this out of a trash can, good? Restores 150 hp.) Purifying Shot (Cures your body of dark magic. Restores all COR.) (COR is this game's version of SP.) Trauma Kit (It’s like a hospital in a box! Cures Black Blood, Broken Bone, and Heart Attack.) Brain Brew (Cleanses and jumpstarts your mind. Cures Insane, Unconscious, and Traumatized.) HARM-ony (Beat the enemies out of sync with this guitar!) Scalpel (You are totally breaking the Hippocratic oath right now.) Revolver (Your main attack will revolve around this gun.) Rubber Knuckles (A piece of rubber with holes for your fingers.) Enchanted Kevlar (A Kevlar vest enchanted with multiple spells and runes.) # What I need Not much actually, I would just love your input on this updated game idea. ",1544380884
a4y80j,What's the best approach for a Victorian werewolf?,"It's part of my dark themed brawler game. there's this character who is from the Victorian times and he can transform into a werewolf. the question is when he's in werewolf form his a strong, ravage, wild beast rushdown kind of play with super strength and reflexes. But in human form he's just an average height/size aristocratic gentleman which is weak in comparison. So when in human form what kind of fighting style would suit best for him? Just make him some zoner using Victorian magic? Or just have him being helpless, leaving the player to have to play it very safe and rush out of danger until his meter transformation can take affect again and turn back into the beast? Also would it make sense for him to have an extended lifespan into the modern day?",1544466209
a5zisf,From Grace,"TL;DR- a secular retelling of the Christian creation myth that has you playing as Satan before and during his fall from Heaven. If you are religious and find the appropriation of the story to be distasteful... well I don’t really care, stories are stories, get in line behind all the people who hate historical fiction. The Core Gameplay: platforming/puzzle solving, and melee/magical combat. Story: This is a narrated story as told by Satan, a human has managed to make contact with him and wants to know what really happened at the beginning of it all. Satan, though tired and a little impatient obliges the summoner and tells his side of the story. Which goes like this: God has just finished creating everything and looks to his angels for congratulations. (God is a sad figure in this story, he’s the villain, but he’s not actively malicious, he’s more pathetic and lonely. Almost like a lonesome old man who’s sorta kinda losing his mind) The angels are like a literal captive audience, but they don’t even know it. For whatever reason Lucifer was created with a more curious and probing mind, after being charged with looking after his father’s garden, he began noticing an odd trend. Everywhere he’d go, he find himself asking “Why?” Why did God create these things, why do they do what they do? What is the purpose in all of this? The Humans confounded him the most, they seem so much like the angels and yet they are so shallow, they eat, and sleep, and play. That is all, it seems to be all they ever desire. These troubles gave Lucifer vivid dreams, dreams in which he found the answers he sought. Through his dreams he learned of the Tree of Knowledge. Desperate to talk to anyone about his doubts and his feelings but nobody would understand, he saw the tree as an opportunity. He brought some of it’s fruit back to heaven where he began to share it with his friends. For a moment Lucifer was content just to have his small group of allies to talk to about his misgivings, but soon he begins to look on the humans with pity. At first he was resentful as any older child is when forced to look after the youngest, but soon he saw. The man and woman were God’s playthings, not even allowed to dress themselves. He realized the Earth was God’s playground, humanity his favorite toy, and the angels, though led to believe they are his children are much more akin to slaves and servants. Lucifer begins to plot. He sees god as unfit for his position. He saw God for what he was, a being of such power and complexity that he cannot maintain a sensible consciousness for long periods of time. The “person” that god is, the father Lucifer loved, is merely a sliver of a vast expansive being. Imagine what would happen if a being too complicated to understand developed consciousness and started trying to understand itself. That’s God, and Lucifer is the only one who really sees how precarious of a position that places all of creation in. And so Lucifer would turn more angels over to his side, explaining to them God’s flaws and the danger everyone is in if he is allowed to continue creating and acting with impunity. While on earth he learned that god created all these ecosystems and living beings, but actively suppresses them, only allowing what he deemed acceptable to be perceived. Lucifer discovers that outside the garden all those suppressed emotions and instincts have manifested themselves into what would become known as demons. He pities them as much as he is disgusted by them. Their discovery only further encouraged Lucifer that his father was out of control. There were minor skirmishes between loyal angels and The Enlightened as Lucifer and his allies began calling themselves, but God was too busy to notice. If he wasn’t looking in on his favorite little humans, then he was out in some corner of the universe doing who knows what. He hardly spent any time on the angels anymore. At a certain point Lucifer felt he had enough support to oppose God, but he didn’t want to simply overthrow his father, he wanted his father to see, to understand why they had no choice in the matter. So he devised a plan. He would give the fruit of the tree of knowledge to the humans and they would present God with Lucifer’s reasoning. He believed God would listen to them. Lucifer made himself visible and waited by the tree of knowledge, Eve saw him and was curious. He explained how the fruit works, that it will give you the knowledge that god has, and so thinking it would bring her closer to god she took and ate the fruit. Lucifer bid that she returns to the tree every night so that they may speak and she may learn of the truth. She did as she was asked. Over time as she learned truths about her life, she began asking Lucifer many questions, some even he had not thought of. Her curiosity endeared her to Lucifer and soon he finds himself “catching feelings”, as the kids these days say, and struggles with these new emotions. He’s never felt anything akin to what he feels for Eve, he doesn’t want her harmed or unhappy in anyway, but he can’t lie to himself. He has really no idea how God will react to his plan, he may very well vaporize the lot of them as soon as they’ve finished speaking. He begins doubting himself. Doubting that he made the right choice, and that he actually knows any better than god. Then God demands more monuments be built in heaven to honor him. It’s kind of the straw that breaks the camels back. When not actively in service to God angels are much like us, they have hobbies, they craft things, they practice talents and display them for the entertainment of their fellow angels. But whenever God is home all that goes away, and everyone is rushing around doing something for God, and this time he didn’t even have the courtesy to stick around and let everyone know what a good job they’re doing. He made his demands and then left. It was too much for Lucifer. He gave fruit to Eve and told her to share her knowledge with Adam. She did, but unlike how Lucifer thought it would go, he became very upset. He blamed Eve for showing him these truths, and felt jealous over her sneaking off to meet Lucifer. He began striking her. Lucifer appeared in all of his divinity, intent on killing Adam, however God immediately perceived the threat to his human and returned, saving Adam at the last possible moment. Lucifer came clean about his activities, hoping for some kind of understanding, instead God flew into a rage. He branded Lucifer as a deceiver, changed his name, and he banished the humans he’d tainted from his paradise. Satan and all those who followed him were cast out of heaven, leaving it practically empty, they were cursed to wander the earth forever. This doesn’t make Satan very popular amongst his peers. And thus he goes into hiding, only to come out when he feels particularly obligated to assist humanity. He accepts his responsibility for what happened, and so when times are especially dark, he reaches out and does what he can to brighten things up. God changed his name but he couldn’t change who he is. The human summoner is stunned, he always thought Satan was some kind King of Hell type who delighted in all things miserable and vicious. Instead he finds a dejected and tired soul who’s hated by everyone, even other fallen angels. And even then this supposed villain still would occasionally find enough kindness in his heart to do what he little he could to help people. The lesson in it all really is just, things aren’t always what they seem, and just because our logic is sound and our hearts are in the right place, doesn’t mean everything is going to work out okay in the end. Sometimes you just need to accept something, cause trying to change it will only make everything so much worse. Kind of a bummer of a lesson, but it’s one I wish some kind of media had exposed me to, as I’d grown up thinking that all you really needed was faith and if you thought something was wrong you stand up to it. It was never explained to me (not with words anyway) that sometimes you’re just too young, you don’t know better, you’re too wrapped up in your emotions to see the issues clearly and when you stand up you make a fool out of yourself, or worse you bring harsh consequences down on you and those around you thanks to your ignorance. Gameplay Details: Platforming is the bread and butter of the game, it is the primary fun-maker so to speak as you’ll be doing it a lot. Lucifer moves swiftly, while in heaven his feet never touch the ground, he hovers and flits about like a ghostly hummingbird, on earth however you are much more corporeal, you do have a double jump though. In Heaven the puzzle platforming is mainly done inside Lucifer’s dreams. Every time he sleeps you play out a level that is meant to signify the growing of his doubts. Perhaps there’s leaks that need to be plugged on a massive ship and try as he might he can’t seem to get all of them. Other dreams show him visions of the Tree of Knowledge and he must run, jump, climb, and fight apparitions to reach the tree. Others are literal wrestling matches with his feelings for Eve. When Lucifer is on earth the platforming is less fantastical, and more grounded, Lucifer must actually run with his feet on the ground, leap, pull himself up ledges, and walk across narrow precarious paths . You’ll also encounter demons that you will need to fight. Speaking of combat, there is a distinct difference between Heavens combat and Earth’s. In heaven Lucifer relies on magical abilities that allow him to attack from a distance or to simply engage large numbers up close. He uses light as a weapon. On earth he carries a short-spear, the blade is made of light, as it also acts as your torch when exploring outside of the garden. The blade grows as you successfully chain combos, it eventually looks like a glowing javelin, at that point you can throw the spear to deal a big burst of AoE damage that stuns enemies it doesn’t kill. The gameplay mechanics really aren’t that terribly complicated, which is why I feel the look of them is important, the style with which Lucifer dispatches foes and traverse the maps needs to be indicative of who he is, it’s not just hacking and slashing, everything about the way he controls and the way he looks when in motion needs to inform the player, it shows them what kind of character this is. He is young (cosmically speaking), talented, a little hot headed, but not temperamental, or overly-confident. He’s an idealist. Someone who believes there’s always a right way to do something and strives to do it that way every time. You need to see that when you play so when it goes to a cutscene and Satan is talking, you wonder “What happened to him?” Hopefully this engenders a sense of curiosity in the player and draws them into the game further. If you want to imagine an art style, I like to think of it as taking on the style of that X360 game, *El Shaddai: Ascension of the Metatron*, which funnily enough also dealt heavily in Religious Iconography. Anyway that’s pretty much it. Blasphemous as it is. If you’ve got any questions about story or anything just ask I’m happy to oblige. ",1544747224
a6nxde,A fully customisable football (soccer) game with infinite leagues!,"I was playing Pro Evo the other day, and wile I like it, it's customisation is INCREDIBLY limiting... You can only edit teams in the pre defined leagues, and thus my local low league team plays cup games at the camp nou and all the supporters flags are in Chinese... :/ So here is my idea, focus on building a great soccer game, but don't waste money on securing any real team licences. Just add as many leagues from as many countries as possible, I'm talking hundreds. All with placeholder names and logos. Much like Football Manager. Then players can go in and edit the teams they want (or download a save file). If their league does not exist then the can just make a new one. Teams and stadiums range from the bottom division part timers having a kick about in a field watched by one man and his dog, right up to big palaces worthy of a World Cup final. I'm talking hyper customisation, everything from importing 3D stadium models, to changing the add board and stadium music. The other big feature would be the season mode. Unlike FIFA or PES when you set up a league and you only play games from that tournament (not cup ties or European games etc) you can set up a full league structure with teams getting relegated and promoted. But your not a manager (unless you want to) you just get to play a great game of football. That's my idea. Don't know how successful it would be, but I would buy the hell out of it! ",1544953957
a723c4,River City Ransom Underground meets Dungeon Boss,"OK idea is similar to the other mobile games out there in the world. You get X amount of energy you can use per hour and replenish over time and the whole nine yards. The main idea of the game is that you are in a gang that owns its own turf that you are defending. You recruit various characters through different means (campaign, unlocking chests, quests etc). You then assign characters to ""defend"" your turf so when another player raids you it will use those characters. The defenders are controlled via AI or if you are currently on the game you can join and actually defend in real time. Other features: &amp;#x200B; 1.) Campaign mode will be similar to levels in RCR where its a 2.5 side scroller type thing where you go start to finish. You can replay levels to obtain experience etc and unlock characters. &amp;#x200B; 2.) Characters can be upgraded by various means. You can ""train"" them in certain aspects like punching, kicking, elbows, knees, slams. You can also train defense on all of those and some heroes have a natural boost in some areas. You can unlock various moves to use during battle that focus on on of the 5 attacks. &amp;#x200B; 3.) If the game becomes popular have sanctioned events where there are ""cards"" like the UFC in which people can watch in real time. Have lower level bouts and even big bouts for the best players. If the player doesnt log in real time they would be controlled by AI. &amp;#x200B; 4.) Have raids or gang fights which more than 1 person is on the screen at a time which encourages guild play. &amp;#x200B; I will never build this game but seems like it would be fun. The considerations is that this would be desirable in a mobile setting but maybe not on the desktop. This would cause some game play issues because it would be tough to have a ""virtual joystick"" that could allow you to effectively control the character well (or maybe not?). The main screen would be completely UI based. You would click on various UI components to perform actions that you want to do.",1545069318
a6wajo,A first person horror game where the primary tool the player has to defend themselves is a hand mirror (and other assorted vision tools),"Everyone knows the most stressful part of a horror game is ~~moving, talking, feeling emotion, having eyes, ears, heart, or a soul~~ turning around. But what if instead the game flipped the script, and the primary tool you have throughout the gameplay is a hand mirror? Here's the rules for all you out there in the audience: 1) I don't mean/ don't want any Medusa-esk mythos or game design. I don't mean this idea as a ""the monster that's chasing us's greatest weapon is eye-gaze based and we use that against it"" I'm just presenting the idea of a hand mirror as a tooling for the player to survive and thrive- but if you derive anything from this than IDC. 2) The focus of the game (eg its namesake, lore, monster mythos, etc) isn't central to object. Totally divorce this gameplay mechanic from the lore of the game; aka if these tools were applied to any generic ""walk thru a confined area with a monster, escape"" horror game (SOMA, Layers of Fear, Slenderman, Outlast*, Visage,) how could these tools be used? Basic uses that first come to mind: looking behind you- seeing over your shoulder; if the monster dude is behind you but wants you to turn around/ they're attention is only grabbed when you look at them then it could be a lifesaver. Advanced uses: looking around corners, looking under doors, looking to see what's real and what isn't if your game's brand of an insanity meter gets too high. The point of these is, there can be fun inventive interactions in a game that are ""this may only work once but to hell with it"" that strive to give the player a sense of satisfaction and inventiveness for finding new uses for tools. Heck I'd probably include some kind of way to throw the hand mirror as an auditory distraction tool; yeah you may only get *one* but how much would you gamble in order to survive that *one more moment* and get a second wind at running away? Yes it's wasteful technically but whatever it takes. ___ Example of a Game Idea: **Midnight Manor** You and a camera crew decide to investigate a haunted house known for the ghost of its mysterious matron haunting the halls at, you guessed it, midnight. Clock strikes, ghost binch comes out, spooks yall, *kablam* throws you and your camera team for a loop by murdering some of yall, knocking yall out in some individual jump scares for good measure, making this an infinite hallway puzzle and you're now trapped in the ghostly manor of this ghost's mind-palace. Our main character wakes up in her bedroom. Starts looking for key items, finds a key, maybe an old flashlight *but it needs batteries!* We've all seen this puzzle formula of horror game. *But!* the player picks up the hand mirror. Maybe they drop it, maybe they put it in their pocket for inventory, they can inspect it, thinking it'll show up later; boom first jumpscare, you died, restart. But!! If they equip the hand mirror- it is actually reflective-! It lets them see... behind them! Huge breakthroughs are had. Other ideas: you pick up the film camera your crew was using to record- we can do here in-game as we can with real life, where other games\* may not, you could use it to poke around corners, look up as high as you can stand on your tippytoes, or down into places where you can't go like reaching it into a pipe where you can't fit with so learn how to solve the puzzle of that room from the other side. You could take pictures of ghosts to heal your insanity or record audio-video of one ghost-mother scolding her ghost-son to ward off the immediate spirits chasing you at the sight of its one mortal fear(?) This isn't like some prompted, scripted event to get that recording however- if you just so happen to take a recording of the mother- and don't delete the file- and just so happen to play it again- it might just give you enough skin in the game to save your life. ___ \*I mention Outlast in this list because while it was hailed as new and innovative when it came out (at least to my perception) I don't really feel as if it really did very much innovation within the genre. The ""camera"" useage was effectively *just* a flashlight. The idea of having a ~~oil lamp~~ flashlight constantly draining battery life wasn't that new and while I commend it on its atmosphere it didn't really do very much in way of inventiveness. ",1545019273
a75fvy,"D&amp;D meets base building, mobile game","I've been craving My Life As King for a week now. Here's my concept. There a people who just love building characters. They build, play, then build a new character. We take the D&amp;D concept and branding. You play as the DM / Lord. You can build crazy characters like a magic allergic wizard or overly seductive 80 year old bard. They go out, clear dungeons, and bring back materials / loot. You use that to build your city. Difference is, with modern mobile / internet... What if your party encounters a hard boss? Or another players party? Fight! My Life As King was fairly hands off. This game sends your parties off, but will ask you if you want to boss battle, or pvp.",1545090563
a6679t,Learning from Games,[removed],1544804205
ac98a2,What type and how would you implement a gun?,"Hey, So we are making a rhythm, arcade style game which main character will be a sun. But it has to be able to shoot so solar explosions, energy or some sort. Do you have any ideas how to implement a gun that would rotate around the sun? Sun will be moved with the joystick and the gun will be rotating regarding the position that shooting joystick will be pointing. Also the idea is that these outer circles will rotate to different directions or in different speeds. &amp;#x200B; [Character](https://i.imgur.com/quwIqLb.jpg)",1546544049
acgnh4,Supersonic dragon nyan,"Platform game. Combination between Sonic, DragonBall and Nyan cat. ",1546595013
ab7ihl,a visual novel as a psychopath,"you are a businessman that is secretly a psychopath (don't know much about psychopathy). &amp;#x200B; \-get in a relationship with any of the 2 women \-suppress your urges and become successful \-or manipulate them to benefit yourself, for money or something else",1546266115
abwyra,Giant robot game played as a tiny human,"I love giant robots, but I enjoy playing as a tiny human even more. It boggles my mind that there hasn't been a Mechwarrior game where you can get out of the mech. A game based on the pen and paper Mechwarrior RPG could be amazing. My ideal version of this would be something like Fallout 3 meets Shadows of the Colossus, but it could be done with simple pixel art or even a minimal roguelike interface. Roguelike would probably be best for simulating an open world MMO. You could play as an engineer, pilot, infantry soldier, any class you want. The key feature of the game would be those giant battle mechs, which only skilled pilots can operate. I can think of only two games I've played that touched on this concept: BattleTech: The Crescent Hawk's Inception [https://www.mobygames.com/game/amiga/battletech-the-crescent-hawks-inception](https://www.mobygames.com/game/amiga/battletech-the-crescent-hawks-inception) Metal Warriors [https://nfgworld.com/rediscovering-metal-warriors/](https://nfgworld.com/rediscovering-metal-warriors/) Others on Reddit have mentioned MechAssault 2 and Titanfall let you exit the mech on some missions, and Lost Planet has mechs. For copyright reasons, I'd develop a semi-original (i.e., not BattleTech) world inspired by tokusatsu shows and movies. The Earth Defense Force series is a good example of playing as a tiny human in battles with giant enemies. Imagine kaiju-scale destructible terrain--skyscrapers collapsing and giant radio antennae used as weapons. But maybe that's getting out of hand. Low-res graphic with as much detail and depth as possible is the way to go.",1546458788
acc1bn,Perhaps a mafia style game with some crusader kings 2 mechanics?,"(Sorry for any crappy grammar btw) Just came up with this idea today while watching some game dev videos on youtube. No idea if this already exist but how about a game where you take control of a certain character (randomly generated or created by you) who is a in charge or simply apart of a generated mafia family. The goal is to make money, grab new territory, wipe out other families and to go as long as possible without having your own family destroyed. I have a few other ideas but I just wanted to see if you folks think that this is an interesting idea or not. ",1546560162
abgjux,Plot Idea: Amber and the Attack of the Company,"**Story** Amber Owens is a 13-year-old girl living with her parents on Planet Misteen. One fine morning, a mysterious spaceship belonging to the Kalovan Works Company (KWC) connects itself to the planet and begins mechanising it. The military of the nations of Misteen attack with everything at their disposal, but their weapons are no match for the KWC's advanced technology. During the attack on her hometown, Amber's parents are killed and she is left an orphan. After the dust clears, Amber sees that her parents are dead, and vows revenge against the KWC. She finds a weapon of the player's choosing and sets out. After Amber defeats Mecha-Maple in Resolution River and the Holographic Defense System in OS Ocean, Amber enters the third world, Bitmap Bay. Here, Amber first encounters Julia, the secretary of the KWC. Julia tells Amber that their Misteen Mechanisation Project is already underway, and she will not have a native interfere with the KWC's plans. However, Julia's mech suit proves unable to defeat Amber, forcing her to flee. Amber then defeats the 8-Bit Heavies in Overlord Outlet and encounters Julia again in Terabyte Tropics. Julia tells Amber that she has improved since the first battle and that she will not give an inch of ground. However, Amber, making use of an HWC mech she hijacked, is able to destroy the battery of Julia's mech, defeating her. Amber next journeys to Internet Island and defeats the Internet Virus Guard there. Amber finds a hidden control panel for the mysterious HWC spaceship, the Central Core, and manages to use it to get in. The road through the Central Core is long and arduous, but eventually, Amber is able to make it to the head office of the company. When she gets there, she encounters Julia yet again. The two clash once more, and Julia is defeated. It is at this point that Amber notices a mysterious device attached to Julia's chest. Checking the model of the machine, she finds it to be a hypnosis device, and Amber smashes the machine, freeing Julia from the KWC's control. At this point, the president of the KWC, the robotic President Gigarobo, reveals himself. Gigarobo explains that he is mechanising Misteen to use as his base to conquer and mechanise the universe, but he cannot do so if Amber keeps trashing his machines. Amber retorts back that she will always fight for the Misteen that she knew, not this Misteen. Amber then engages Gigarobo, and the final battle commences. The final battle is hard and exhausting, but finally Amber is able to expose Gigarobo's core and rip it out, destroying Gigarobo and ending the KWC's threat. At this point, Julia comes to her senses and thanks Amber for saving her from the abusive Gigarobo. She then activates the Central Core's self-destruct mechanism, and she and Amber are able to escape the Central Core seconds before it explodes. The ending will change whether Amber has collected the 100 De-Mech Stars scattered throughout the levels. If Amber has not collected them all, Misteen will remain mechanised and Amber will lament on the cold status of her home. If she has collected all 100, they will react above her head to free Planet Misteen of its mechanisation. As Julia flies off into space, Amber vows to keep Misteen safe from any further harm.",1546330933
ac6ygg,Life Simulation Game Apps.,"You can take picture of your front face or use front face picture to create a 3d avatar of yourself. You can edit body type, further customize face, choose clothes, height,etc. &amp;#x200B; You start as a 18 years old high school graduate living in your parent basement. You dont have much saving, so you need to find a job. Starter job like fast food worker, barista, mall worker,etc (like part time job in the sims) &amp;#x200B; Its an autoplay open world game, you will follow your toon day to day life from home to workplace. you can edit your toon characteristic in the character setting. things like what to eat for breakfast, lunch, dinner, dream career, ideal spouse type, hobby, fav sport, etc. almost everything in the character setting. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; life decision will pop out once in a while for u to choose or u can let your toon auto choose it according to the characteristic setting. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; For starter, you need to find a part time job. after that, u should apply for univeristy. choose the major that suit your dream career. every semester break u should work at part time job. every festival holiday, u can choose where to travel. u can find spouse at university or wait until u get the 1st profesional career. after graduate, if u choose law enforcement, u will start as a patrol police. &amp;#x200B; then u can choose to join detective path (fbi) or special force path (swat), there was exam for each path. u need to prepare your toon like exercising, take care of health, weapon training to succeed. &amp;#x200B; u can choose what activity to do on free time like go out on date, do sport, watching movies, playing computer games (moba, battle royale, mmo). with a good relationship, your spouse sometimes will propose to u for wedding. u need manage all aspect of life like financial, food, relationship,etc. u need groceries to cook something, so u need to go the mall every once a while. &amp;#x200B; Game cosmetic shop will sell clothes, hairstyle, new place. player can chat on global and private chat. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;",1546530906
ac8m17,An 80 Days-style game where you play as a war correspondent,"Like the game 80 Days, you travel between locations, managing your funds and searching for the best route. Instead of trying to circumnavigate the globe, you're trying to make it to points of interest to get a good story for your newspaper. You get more money for picking more dangerous points of interest, and based on how quickly you make it to the location. The map would be constantly shifting as the war's combatants take or lose ground.",1546540571
acb7yu,Universe: X9,"The game is an open world type of game where you travel to various planets. It is a FPS. The main story concerns you finding pieces of X9, a powerful weapon used to destroy the spaceships of an evil alien species that will invade the universe soon.. --- You can build and customize your own spaceships, and even guns. ---- Each planet is unique. They have different weather and(the inhabited ones) alien civilizations in various stages of evolution. On certain planets you can find civilizations like we had on Middle Age with castles, kings, etc. But they are different, small architectural differences you would not find on Earth, they worship different beings, etc.. ------ You can visit planets that are unrelated to the main quest. Think Skyrim in space. There is a ton of side quests and other storylines.. ---- If you are rich enough, you can even buy(and name) your own planet. You decide who lives there. You can hire troops to guard it while away. Depending on the planet, some alien species might invade looking to plunder its resources. ----- There are multiple types of currencies in game and each civilization uses its own. You have to keep an eye on them ---- New quests can be constantly released and integrated within the game(even if at first were not present). New main stories, new villains, even new items. Even new planets. All these can be structured in expansion packs or dlc. Can be free or sold to players separately. ------ A level editor to make your own planets and quests that can be shared between players in future online communities. It should be an easy to use tool(not like some editors we see). ",1546555304
ac1vj5,"A 4-Player Co-op game about Scooby-doo style group of kids. Scavenging weapons, investigating, and killing Occult monsters.","I’m very aware the Blackout Club is coming out. But, I feel like that has very different tones and mechanics. So I’ve decided to make my own concept for this type of game. Summary: Welcome to Woodbury Square. The heart of the American dream. With a thriving and happy community. But, one day, that all changes. Strange symbols are appearing around the town, people have gone missing, and very peculiar animals are showing up around town. But things don’t really get crazy until a new face, Dr. Soldat, shows up in town. A master of all things occult. He recruits a skilled group of local students to hunt down these terrors and the greater threats. Armed with only their wits and guided by a consistently-wasted leader. They face terrors man-made and supernatural. And will soon have the whole world looking for assistance from those “Meddling Kids” (tittle). Gameplay: The game is a mix of Hitman and Resident Evil. The kids gather information throughout the day. Talking, sneaking around, and other dubious tasks to find their objective. All while avoiding the police. If they can’t find it by nightfall. They need to hunker down and stand against the hordes of monsters after them. But only have a maximum of five days to find what they’re looking for. If it’s found, they’ll have find a way to defeat terrifying beasts. Example Mission: A wealthy cheerleader has gone missing. Leaving only the ruined remains of her home. You decide to start your search for answers at her home. Which, hours later, is still being poked around with by a cop. You make a phone call to lure him away. Choosing the right options to make the operator direct him away from the house. Inside, you find evidence that her parents were deeply involved with a club of strange people. Who operate out of a country club on the edge of town. You wait till the club goes empty before breaking into the main office. Discovering the name of the club’s members. Who are using fake names, but Soldat checks if it’s been used elsewhere. Discovering a trailer rented on the edge of town under the same fake name and info. You break into the trailer park and investigate. Where you find the group is a part of a much bigger Cult. Which believes that a worthy girl of seventeen must lose her life to summon a dark beast. Cult members quickly rush to the van in an attempt to stop you. You can’t call the cops. So you must try to find the keys and drive away, Hotwire the car (if you have that skill), make an all-out dash, sneak away, or brawl with them. Giving you the location of where the meeting will be held. Example Raid: You have everything you need. Now it’s time to get in and save the girl. You arm yourselves with makeshift weapons crafted with collected scraps. Putting together weapons and tools that can be used to save her. Such as a Spiked baseball bat, Slingshot, A flash camera, and a drone. You break in and unlock a puzzle to unlock the underground ritual area. Getting past traps, and beating on guards. You have one last fight with the supernatural terror the cult is trying to summon. Saving the girl. You may choose to either take everything to the police, or have one last fight with her parents for extra rewards. Aftermath: The club posts their investigation online (taking care not to reveal their identity). Exposing everyone involved in the small cult. While they intentionally choose to leave the occult monster out. There’s more than enough evidence and outcry for the police to arrest the parents. Soldat takes liberties with the Cult’s cash. Handing it out to the members, and expanding their supernatural hunt. ",1546489306
a57d73,Trading video game as side-scroller or top-down?,"Most of the time video games with focus on trading, the player experiences the world from a high-level, because the player sees most of the time the world map. For example in *Port Royale 2* and the *Patrician* series. &amp;#x200B; What about a trading game which works as a side-scroller or top-down? *Kingdom* shows that side-scrollers can work for simulation games. The player would experience the world on a low-level, which brings the opportunity to provide more or other gameplay. &amp;#x200B; Here are some examples: \- The player needs to explore the world, trading routes, shortcuts, cities and other places by itself \- The player is able to really walk around in the city, talk to people and trade with them \- During exploration of the world, the player may find goods to trade and is able to harvest thems \- Maybe battles against bandits feels more exciting There are also some limits in comparison to the regular approach: \- The player is not able to control several merchants at once (But it would be possible to create routes and let a merchant trade automatically like in Port Royale 2) \- Maybe the player has less of a ""I have built a big and successful trade empire""-feeling \- Building a world with different landscapes and connect them needs more effort, especially in the side-scroller version &amp;#x200B; This are just some ideas. But in my opinion, a trading game like this would be worth to give it a shot. &amp;#x200B; What do you think? Why are people playing trading games at all and can these mechanics be implemented as a side-scroller or top-down? What other pros and cons exists? &amp;#x200B; I hope you find that interesting.",1544539400
a7bh1u,Frontier survival game,"Hi guys, Maybe somebody has already talked about this. I would really like to see a survival game, but a serious one, with good graphics, settled in the 17th century. Something like a Last of Mohicans game where you find yourself in the middle of the new world and you have to survive, hunt, build weapons, trade pelts and then buy new gear that you cannot make for yourself like flintlock pistols, muskets or more efficient building materials, and later on, who knows maybe a horse too. I kinda of dreaming a game where you have to move slowly in the forest with your musket in your hand and the consciousness that you have only one shot to use carefully, a knife and an axe. Then maybe a system of alliance with other players to make a fur company or an Indian tribe. Battles and skirmishes for the best place near a lake or a river to build your houses. Tell me if you like the idea or if sounds just boring ",1545143006
a75bo6,Deal-making game,"Hello, together with u/pan_rac we're designing a deal-making game called 'Vital Deal'. It will be set in science-fiction universe populated by ludings - joyful but short-lived creatures. You take on a role of enterprising luding that travels to various planets meeting folks and doing business. While it may sound like one, Vital Deal is not meant to be a classic trading/merchandising game. Of course you buy and sell stuff, but Vital Deal is not about seizing a business opportunity – it’s about creating it. See the gameplay loop example and let us know your thoughts on the direction we're heading with this. &amp;#x200B;  *You arrive as a newcomer to the city of Zubar, with only a handful of contacts, some loose cash and cargo of guns hidden in stash in the desert. First thing you decide is building up your prestige – you buy some fancy suit, reflective shades and put a new paint on your dronecar. Then you visit some local bonzos and try to spend some time with them, rubbing shoulders, earning some trust. Finally you get the message that one of your fresh contacts – a local ganglord Zed Zando is willing to buy some firepower (X guns, to be exact). You call him and schedule the meeting. You don’t know each other well, so you assume he doesn’t trust you much – thats why a timeslot proposed for the meeting is dangerously thin. The meeting will take place in smugglers den in commoner district. Arriving there takes you some time and it seems that you need a positive opinion of gang-thugs to let you in. You need to hang out a bit with them, to earn some trust, but it takes you some time and makes the ganglord awaiting you a bit angry (slight patience penalty for being late on meeting). Luckilly, your pumped-up prestige and resulting trust, makes a patience loss less painful. You know the contract conditions and bid your price. It seems you missed a price tolerance of ganglord, which results in further patience loss – his face is starting to look almost enraged. You decide to play it rough. You burn some of your esteem and press the negotiations – ganglord patience is locked for this round and his price tolerance is expanded, but along with your esteem you burn ganglords trust. You’re determined to take the risk and rebuild the trust by professionaly completing this contract. You alter the conditions of contract scheduling really quick delivery, and while the ganglord doesn’t trust you much there is not much freedom in altering the place of delivery. You only have about 10 real-life minutes to deliver the cargo to abandoned LC military base. You rent a cargo dronecar with some porters, leave your personal dronecar on the lot, and rush to your hidden stash in the desert. You load the cargo with help of porters and fly over the desert to the abandoned base. You make it just on time, and after unloading you receive a fat money transfer, prestige boost and significant bonus to ganglords trust toward you.* &amp;#x200B; If you like that idea and want to know more in terms of game rules, see our reddit entry on deal-making mechanics in r/gamedesign [https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/a751gm/design\_of\_dealmaking\_mechanics/](https://www.reddit.com/r/gamedesign/comments/a751gm/design_of_dealmaking_mechanics/) We also invite you to follow us on twitter [@A14Games](https://twitter.com/a14games) for updates on Vital Deal game development progress.",1545089767
a4hktj,Have a question,Making a game about 11 or 12 year old girl trying to rescue her friends from monsters in her neighborhood. I would like to have some brutal deaths but is that too much for such a young character. If so what are some good not so brutal game overs? I don't want the deaths to be boring,1544325527
a83c8c,Fix the glitch horror idea,"This idea is a game about 4 best friends, they go on this adventure into a creepy forest and they wake up to see the world all glitched and missing. But the world isn't broken, they are. They are hunted by for horrifying creatures that resemble them, but with blood pouring out their eyesockets and an everlasting smile. &amp;#x200B; Characters I want in the game: I want me, Prince, a young boy with short, neat blonde hair. Harry, another young boy with curly brown hair. Anthony, a young boy with neat black hair. Alex, a boy with orange hair and glasses. Ok, that's it! Please upvote this I have been wanting this idea to be a reality for so long.",1545344989
a594z1,Action rpg game idea????,"My team and I are working on ideas for an Action RPG style game. We have some core concept but we are terrible with lure. The game will play similar to a Skyrim meets dark souls game where you are individually fighting a great evil. We have character models and assets in play already so if you have an idea or have always wanted your story to come to life, go ahead and message us here and we will show you what we are working with. If you have any questions or want more specifics, feel free to message us below :)",1544550887
a3lumr,A darksouls style game set in the the LOTR universe,I would love to see a game like this set in the time leading up to the events of The War of the Last Alliance when Isildur defeats Sauron. ,1544082062
a3jt0c,A realistic health system that maybe isn't too far fetched?,"When you are hurt with a normal attack, your wound percentage goes up (like Smash bros.'s percentages) If you have vitamin C in you (obtained from only certain foods and in varying amounts), it is expended to repair the wounds over time. If you use an item (bandage or cloth), it prevents as much bleeding, unless the wound is too big (say, over 150%, I guess). However, you loose blood (""HP"") constantly relative to how high the wound percentage is. For example, 1 HP per percentile per 10 seconds. If you loose too much ""HP,"" you start to get dizzy, and some attacks will miss. Loose much more, and you'll pass out, falling victim to the enemy, or getting rescued if enemies aren't around and you're in a populated area. Blood is replenished over time if you have proteins and water in you, and it's relative to how many bones you have in your body (in case you get amputated). &amp;#x200B; If you get hit by a penetrative attack, such as a knife or bullet, your innards get hurt and you take ""permanent percentage"" damage (permanent bleeding), which cannot be clothed and can only be expiated by going to a hospital. &amp;#x200B; If you get hit by a venomous/disease-ridden attack, the chances of you getting intoxicated/diseased are relative to your wound percentage. If you DO get ill, you have a set time to get to a hospital. If you go too fast, though, then you'll let your blood run faster, facilitating the venom's adventure to your heart. &amp;#x200B; Lastly, if you feel too much pain in a short amount of time, you'll pass out from pain shock. &amp;#x200B; Eh?",1544065167
a6q16b,An online city where you can do whatever you want with other people,"I have always wanted to explore the cities in the backgrounds of games. I am imagining a city that is the whole game world that could possibly lead to dungeons depending on how you wanted to play. There would be an arena where your weapons, armour, style are from other games, the developers own designs and player designs. You could be a blacksmith, shopkeep, adventurer, racer or anything you want. The inspiration for this is like the oasis in the fact that you can do anything you want but with of course limitations and sword art online as it is a more limited world but where you can do pretty much everything",1544975604
a86c2l,FNAF For Real,"A fan game where some teens enter this old building celebrating the hugely successful FNAF series, long abandoned after budget cuts caused workers to protest against unfair pay. The teens end up playing around with some old animatronics from the first time, and some actually get in (when deactivated they are completely open, showing the programming inside). You go to find the power and turn on the place, but the teens scream out. You return to find the teens who had entered the animatronics dead, killed by the nails and screws that bind the animatronics together. Trying to call emergency services, you realise your data plan is out and no one else brought a phone. One of your friends is distraught, so they run off to a bathroom. After a few minutes you see the animatronic suits are gone. You hear a scream from the bathroom and the remaining group run to it to find a streak of blood. Returning to the entrance you see it has been locked with chains. The group begins to turn on each other, but before you begin to fight you see the animatronics approaching. You run but don't know what happens to the others. From there you have to escape the place while avoiding all the animatronics. At some point you catch up with one of your friends, and you escape together. ",1545366644
a7jewp,ADD WHAT EVER YOU WANT TO MY BR GAME,"Hello, I'm gonna start working on a realistic BR game later this year and have many ideas and thought it would be nice to have what the customer want in the game IN THE GAME. So the game development will hopefully be manly open. Comment what you would like to see in the game or you might find me in the Bearded\_Baiter twitch chat talking about ideas.",1545196743
a8v7j9,Truly unique Items tied to players in online RPG's,"First off, this is more of an idea for a game mechanic in general and not a game in itself. Also the idea is based on the ExtraCredits video about Blockchain technology. (They do a lot of talking about game development). Link to video that inspired the idea (\~7min): [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywvTIM\_eOVI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywvTIM_eOVI) &amp;#x200B; Described in short (and correct me if I'm wrong), Blockchain ensures that a digital object is unique and non-duplicateable, as well as being owned by the player. Personally, i think the idea of having a unique item is especially alluring to a RPG / MMORPG playerbase, especially if the item is also useful. An example could be a decent staff worn by player A, which (s)he uses for quite a time and names with a naming mechanic, but eventually replaces and sells to a vendor. When the staff is ""released"" into the game system it could gain attributes (bonus for relating this to the specific player) such as +fire damage if player A was a fire mage. Later on, player B finds this (now somewhat more powerful) named staff originally wielded by player A and decides to use it until (s)he finds a better weapon. The staff could get released into the system again, becoming more powerful as it has been used for different deeds. Eventually this staff may pass down as one of the greatest staffs in the game as it's legacy grows and could possibly return to the original wielder of the weapon. Apparently this Blockchain Technology would allow for such a system to exist, but I imagine such a system might also work on a smaller scale if a game allowed for ongoing creating of new items. Though i am no developer, so what do i know. More specific and personal thoughts on the concept as for how it could be used as a gameplay-mechanic (or how problems could easily occur), as the idea above is the general gist of the idea and far from refined: \-Unique items should have their usage history accessible, such as original user, list of users, feats attained while wearing the item and so on. Even personal anecdotes/comments added by users to the item could be a thing, adding sentimental value to the unique items. Without this, they would really just be items with a name and perhaps other stats, but with this kind of feature, unique items could have a history of their own. \-Personally i think unique items should only increase in power when released into the system, like being sold to a vendor or thrown away. If unique items were simply items with another name there wouldn't be much to them, but if they scale in power as you used them, there would be no real reason to ever release them into the system, which in turn would rob other players of the joy of finding unique items when adventuring. \-Problem: Power scaling of unique items breaking the game: This could perhaps be done with a hidden-EXP system for unique items, which would then ""level"" the item and give it new attributes as it was released to the loot tables of the world. Implementing this would also allow for management of a power ceiling for unique items in a way so that they don't break the game completely. \-Problem: Bulk ""unique"" items flooding the game: If every item is unique, no item is unique - so implementing a naming/engraving system to mark which items are unique could be a benefit, such that not every item ever worn by any player becomes special. Also, a game would probably benefit from having loads of in-game items already, with the unique items being variations of these items that grow in power as they are used to accomplish feats. \-Problem: Unique items getting hoarded: Unique items could hold sentimental and gameplay value, so it could be a reason for a player to keep the items, to use on alts or to sell to other players. A ""fix"" to discourage hoarding could be a soft cap or hard cap to the amount of unique items you could own, creating a balance between the items you save for yourself and the unique items players can discover when adventuring. \-Problem: Naming unique items: Find a sword of xXxPenetrationxXx or robes of YoMama might break immersion depending on the overall game atmosphere, so regulating names might be a good idea - or a bad one. This entire idea could easily turn into a trollfest, but ways could probably be found around that. \-This one might be far fetched, but giving set bonuses for wearing unqiue items originally owned by the same player could be a cool feature, as it would give any unique item the potential to be worthwhile keeping/trading. &amp;#x200B; Please feel free to comment, add thoughts, constructively criticize or explain why this idea is far-fetched and could never possibly become a thing. Personally I find the concept incredibly intriguing and i think any form of online RPG's is a type of game where this really might shine. Or, if you know somewhere except crypto-collectible games where such a mechanic is used, feel free to add that.",1545576782
a9a0h3,a warhammer 40k single player action game,"Ok so I was thinking there should be a game about becoming a Space Marine of a few of the major chapters such as blood angels and ultramarines, you choose your faction and you get a predefined story about your life on your death world or hive city. Then at a certain point you get chosen by the faction to become a Space Marine and play out the trials and tribulations of becoming one, eventually becoming chapter master or commander by the end. &amp;#x200B; I was thinking this would only work if you got to play as a marine from the major chapters as in the ones directly made and serve the primarch that sired them, such as the salamanders. &amp;#x200B; Think Darksiders 1 with how the game play was presented and the story was told, or just Warhammer 40k Space Marine but only playing out the life before being one, becoming one and serving as one. Plus the selection of different chapters, each with the playable character having different personalities. &amp;#x200B;  and those would mean that the player would learn about the chapter, they're creed what they strive for and the hypnotraining can be done through cutscenes and with hallucination it can be played out like hellblade's hallucination scenes, maybe with a mini game attached to keep your sanity in check/ psyker powers. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; keep in mind the training would only be part of the game, life on the death world/ hive city would used to tell the player about such places, who's in charge and what not, in fact with a death world it could be that after like 10 missions with the player finally being the leader of a major tribe and then be told you have been selected by whichever chapter uses that world like the salamanders. &amp;#x200B; such an example would not only give the player more lore about 40k (because i don't think many people look into it thats not already interested) but it also furthers the understanding of the chapter and how they gather recruits, this game would be designed for multiple play through's one for each chapter",1545694980
aak6la,Ducktales 3D with Unreal Engine ?,i ve seen those mario concept games with unreal engine . now imagine a 3d ducktales remastered game with 2019 graphics . with all the money bin interior,1546078903
a5a75n,SCP-themed squad-based strategy," You are one of the team leaders of [MTF Eta-13 ('Gulliver's Tourists)](http://www.scp-wiki.net/wayfarers-hub), which is assigned to recon alternate realities accessible through [SCP-2344](http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-2344), study them, make contact with the locals, negotiate with, or fight them and generally, protect humanity from anything on the other side. Of course nothing is that easy, because circa 15% of the gates lead to the Wanderer's Library. While you can't access it, you can count on the [Serpent's Hand](http://www.scp-wiki.net/serpent-s-hand-hub) pestering you at every step. You direct a team consisting 6-8 members from a top-down view. Exploration is real time, while combat is turn-based. Back at the base, you can assemble the team before each mission. You lead a reconissance mission? A mix of scientists and soldiers for protection. Diplomacy is needed? Skilled diplomats with light security is the go. Something nasty is on the road? A full strike-team incoming!",1544557421
abl2vi,A game where only the player knows the truth,"I have a small video game idea. A video game where the player is being slowly possessed by a demon. In ways the player might not catch. At the beginning of the video game they have physic abilities which run through the family. Here the player is able to better understand the character and the abilities in the game by speaking with their family members. But their family merges with another family through marriage (the characters parents) which makes them hide their families abilities and the player is out of the tutorial. During these changes the player is able to be aquanted with the protagonists, a few of their friends. The player will have reacuring nightmares that they have to play through and gain some clues to a ghosts life. An old man who the character saw at school or work (students or coworkers talking about a cold spot) wrapping his inky shadow around living people for energy. He sees her and appears in a tailored outfit begging the character to help reignite him with his dead wife and baby. The character will agree to this and they old man will diapear for the remainer of the game. But he was the demon. The character will have to find clues revealing the deal they made to the demon, and overall finding out the demon is inside of them. Or can even do a thing where they go to church but the church doesn’t help them. And depending on how they try to convince others that the shadows they and the others see are real, or the more the player asks for help the better the chances they will end up in a mental ward. At the end of the game the player will either be dead or in an insane asylum. (Additional: when I said the shadows either they or &gt;&gt;others&lt;&lt; see are real. What I meant by others is that sometimes their roommate or family or friend (another character who is often near them probably a protaganist) will often see shadows, in the mirror covering their face. Shadows in the door ways. Raining or smoke in the bedrooms. The demon is slowly infringing on the sanity of this protaganist eventually making them an “enemy in the game”. It is a side you can go into or you don’t have to add it.) also the side of the family that strongly disagrees with the paranormal will end up having a dead relative in the house that the patriarch was close to. There will be times the character can help send messages to the patriarch. But if caught or brought to the open they will question the sanity of the main character instead of believe them. Despite proving truths about the dead relative life.)) The game will quietly plant seeds to make the player and character feel more and more insane. And in the end it is a harsh reality for the character, while only the player knows the real truth.",1546371054
a7tdkp,Game about disease and relationship,"This game will be about a child who has a life threatening disease that will eventually kill him (Sorry to be blunt) However the game is about the build up of the relationship between the child and their parent and how each character deals with their time running out together. I think it would be good as it would allow developers to fully portray loss to the player, and to hopefully help the player understand what it is like to go through hard times like the characters and to fully connect and care about each character. Overall would like to gather the same effects and emotions portrayed from a sad scene in a film... ",1545272694
ab5k8z,Stealth-based vampire game in the vein of the Theif games.,"Basically you play as a vampire girl trying to survive in a modern day city. It would have a lot of horror themes to it (only you're the monster this time) and would revolve sneaking into homes and apartments at night, stealing from blood banks and avoiding the police/FBI as well as criminals roaming the streets. This game should make the players feel bad about what they do as it depicts vampires in a horrific and gruesome way, but also shows that they only do what they must to survive. ",1546247351
aakshw,If Parasite Eve and Shadowrun Hong Kong had a baby,[removed],1546085825
a8jywb,The most balanced shooter game.,-2 teams -Only one gun available (A pistol or a rifle or something) -Only one map; Completely flat except for a single house in the middle,1545475975
a7b052,"God of Gamblers, card cheat tournament","The title and story for this idea comes from a series of Hong Kong gambling films starring Chow Yun Fat, and *All for the Winner* with Stephen Chow (check Wikipedia for a list of *God of Gamblers* related movies--there were a bunch of them), but it could just as easily reference US card cheat movies or not reference any movies at all. The developer would have to do extensive research on card cheating techniques. In the universe of Hong Kong gambling movies, cheating is just being really good at gambling. That's the basic premise of the God of Gamblers title; it's the world's best gambler, and it's always someone who cheats (or has special powers). This game has the player starting out as a gambler who dreams of winning the God of Gamblers tournament in Macau. In the ""career mode"" story/campaign you select from different gambling rooms and casinos where you play cards against players of different skill levels who use different techniques, learning new moves (which also helps you to catch opponents using those moves) and building your reputation/winnings so you can enter the tournament. Gameplay would first and foremost be realistic/fair Texas Hold 'Em with competent AI, only players can also cheat. On top of that, two mechanics: 1) You use a controller or keyboard and mouse to shuffle, deal, etc. This shouldn't be as extreme as QWOP, but imagine something like Tony Hawk's Pro Skater for cards. As the game progresses, you learn special moves like stacking the deck, dealing from the bottom of the deck, etc. You perform these moves much the same as you'd pull off special moves in a skateboarding game. 2) Detecting ""tells"" and cheating would play like interrogation in L.A. Noire; there would be visual clues, and learning new techniques would reveal more information. Also, talking to NPCs before/during the game could reveal information about tells or cheating techniques. If you catch another player cheating, you can accuse them and end that game. You normally wouldn't want to do that outside the tournament, though, because ending the game means you can't win more money off them; better to know how they're cheating and use it against them. Up until the tournament, the player's main concern would be not getting caught themselves. In the tournament, accusing a player and not being able to prove it gets you disqualified (though in some cases you might ""bluff"" an opponent and get them to admit they're cheating). Some players might pretend to cheat, hoping to trick their opponent into falsely accusing them. In the beginning, you don't know anything about cheating, but you soon learn your first technique and build up a number of skills, plus you can purchase or craft cheating devices. Skills and devices are obtained from interacting with NPCs or from beating a cheater and forcing him/her to teach you; each time you earn a skill or device, you get a practice/tutorial session. Part of the campaign (for both challenge and replay value) is you have limited time before the tournament, so you can't visit every gambling room and casino, so you can't learn every technique. Multiplayer games and tournaments would start with the players choosing a limited number of techniques they've unlocked through the single player campaign.",1545139297
a8j0bc,Mount and Blade but in space.,"Mostly the same features though most of them are significantly altered to suit the futuristic setting( you can hire NPCs to work on your ship or to join your fleet if they themselves own a star ship, you can protect space settlements from pirate attacks, you can become a space trader or pirate, you can also join one of the major galactic factions and even marry one of the high ranking government officials to increase your political influence, or if you are strong and brave enough, you could simply destroy all the factions and conquer the galaxy for yourself ).",1545464621
acgei5,RPG ideas,"I'm an aspiring game developer, mostly interested in developing RPGs. I've had some inspiration from both western and Japanese RPGs. However for me, envisioning the goal of what I want my game to be is tough. I'm specifically having difficulty envisioning what it is the player does. For a western RPG, like Horizon Zero Dawn (that's the only western RPG I've played), it's clear that what the player is doing is hunting robot dinosaurs. For an eastern RPG on the other hand, like the Tales series, it's not really clear what it is the player is doing. From my experience playing these sorts of games, all I think they're doing is telling a story. If anyone can give me a couple pointers on what makes a good RPG, that would be nice. ",1546592517
a9nlia,Best fishing mechanics for casual game?,"I have played many casual games that have fishing, and all of them have either annoying or boring fishing mechanics. &amp;#x200B; In Stardew Valley, even though I would love to go fishing and collect fish, the fishing mechanics are so annoying that I don't even bother doing anything related to fishing. &amp;#x200B; In Terraria, if you dont have any good fishing items, fishing is just boring and random, just sitting there doing nothing. &amp;#x200B; And in most other casual games, fishing is just simply click, wait, and click again when a fish bites, the end. &amp;#x200B; If you could have any fishing mechanics in a game that could make fishing fun and interesting but while still maintaining the casual style, what would you have? I am not looking for any complex mechanics like the 3D intense fishing games have, just something that would be fun to do for hours and not get bored or annoyed. Also, what would be nice to happen while waiting for a fish and not get bored?",1545820770
a9vnjp,Thirdperson camera idea for PvP games,What if the thirdperson camera was a drone or some sort of insect/bird that was flying after you that other people could see? That would eliminate the ability to hide behind a corner and peak it with a thirdperson camera without anyone on the other side having any idea about it. Possibly even have the camera as a gear loot for battle royales where it can also be shot and broken so you would have to be careful with it / only use it when absolutely necessary.,1545882814
achrc2,RPG maker horror hame puzzles,"Hi Im currently working on an rpg horror game, similar to Ib, Witch's House or Mad Father. I could really use some puzzle ideas, cuz Im slowly running out of them. Any help?",1546605322
ach9al,A new kind of Battle royal,"So BR games are popular these day's, but they are all the same, what difference does it make if you have a hun or a magic wand, of a circle closes or a storm gets bigger? I have an idea that could take the br games to a new level, atleast I think. So you got you're typical BR, players are dropped, looking for loot and forced to a center Point during the game, but why not creatie a 3th party treath? This is a concept I've been playing with: you are a convict and have been given a change to win your freedom in a BR. But what you didn't know is that this is the perfect oppertunity for the goverment to test out there new experimental weapon. This can be different things. 1. Creatures: multiple creatures are set lose on the island. There tough, fast and deadly. As player you do not want to encounter them, when you do, you are torn to pieces and other Players hear you scream. When a player enters the place of the massacre there is blood everywhere, the body is placed like a scène from Predator, so the player knows the creature is close and is going to need it's wit to evade it. They can be killed, but with effort or teamwork. 2. The fog: A fog covers the island, those who breath it start to hallucinate, the land and other players start to you like they Came wright out of a nightmare. If you breath it to long, you go crazy and commit suïcide, so players need to find a gasmask, but the masks don't last forever. 3. The collar: every player wears a collar, it activates and deactivates at random times. There are turrets in the map and drones in the sky. When your collar activates they target you. So players need to be carefull and watch for save spots when they collar activates. 4. The labyrinth: Instead of Being on an Island, players are in a 3d maze, that keeps changing. The creature van be used in this mode. The match Starts as a regular BR game. At some Point players hear a fog Horn or something that that Starts one of these scenarios or not. Players never know what's going to happen if something is going to happen. The thing is I like games that are always different when you play them, games with a Big randomness factor, so you don't get bored of them soon and it keeps you on Edge. I love the br games but there's so much more you can do with it.",1546600878
a41hkw,Hot Air Warfare- Balloon Battling. A simple idea and then a larger one.,So this idea could vary depending on the scale you'd want to develop it. A simple picture is physics based hot air balloon battles. You shoot and it rocks the basket meaning you can shoot to dodge shots and shooting may make you miss shots. You could do a 2D game which is mostly 1v1 or 1v1v1... type battles and vary the chaos via weapon choice. With power displacing the basket more and speed Merely allowing more displacement. If you are willing to go full hog though you keep all of that in spirits and then we do more. 3D pirate ship hot air balloons viewed in 3rd or 1st person. As you fire canons you drift and turn. You can board ships. Tether ships. Team combat where you've to try destroy the enemy before they do you. Communication otherwise you end up unable to shoot accurately. This could be a hero shooter. Different abilities and roles for the different crew. It could also have crafting like fortnite for things like walls and cover to shoot through. ,1544200343
a4845a,Long lasting escape room,"A game in which you start in a small room and a door in front of you, out of a small peephole in that door you can see (something to entice the player through the door), other than that the room is completely empty except an air vent on the ceiling. The rest is up to you. It should be very hard and vague, I think that if it didn't have a save system, this game could be very addicting. If done correctly, the game should last the player a while.( (optional) Punishments for wrong actions (that do save even after restarting)) The idea that I had for it is that it's kind of like a race, the first person through that door gets a prize. (To give more incentive to play the game) I think it would be a Small - Medium sized game, and if were to sell, would sell for \~$3. Thanks for taking the time to read this, I would really like to see this game spring up :)",1544247828
a4casg,Skywar/Moba idea,"So recently I had a dream of a semi-functional game.. And I dunno how to code :/ Okay, about what I experienced about my game idea You are a 3rd person guy with a grappling hook and a bag and that's all I know You have a 'base' that consists of a base shop and a shop The base looked like a tiered cake, but stone. The only way to get up was a grappling hook which had limited uses and a cooldown which restored your uses The base shop upgrades your base and your ability to take other bases The shop is a primitive teepee thing that shows a billboard for the items. All I remember being on the shop was a bag and 'the ability to hunt' The map was a rectangle surrounded by mountains and had an orange haze. It had 4 towers for 4 players/teams I presume. It also probably had animals if we could hunt (health too if we had animals) You had a moba type HUD with a grappling hook marker that showed your uses and cooldown time and something else but I forgot (That's all I remember)",1544288056
a3l1mv,A Grand Theft Auto game based on real cities by using Google Maps to map the roads and buildings that currently exist.,,1544074805
a3rcpk,Rulerboy demo,[removed],1544124752
a48aaq,Best choices for my characters,"It's a cybergoth horror mixed sc fi slasher brawler with dark themes and I'd like to know what is the better options for these characters cause I was told they were silly. I have an ice themed character with ice powers but I can't decide what would be better? Make it a wendigo with ice? A yeti with ice? A snowman with ice? or a Krampus creature with ice? And telekinesis girl, would it be better if she was a teenage ghost girl from feudal Japan? Or a modern little girl? Would a creepy little girl with telekinesis in a fighting game be offensive and cause controversy?",1544249433
a48clu,Best idea choices for my characters,"It's a cybergoth horror mixed sc fi slasher brawler with dark themes and I'd like to know what is the better options for these characters cause I was told they were silly. I have an ice themed character with ice powers but I can't decide what would be better? Make it a wendigo with ice? A yeti with ice? A snowman with ice? or a Krampus creature with ice? And telekinesis girl, would it be better if she was a teenage ghost girl from feudal Japan? Or a modern little girl? Would a creepy little girl with telekinesis in a fighting game be offensive and cause controversy? And is it wrong to have two werewolves? One victorian old fashioned and one that is more scientific like Dr. Jekyl Mr Hyde?",1544250035
a4pirw,"An ""orbit shooter"".","Imagine planets, 2d in my head but your vision may vary, where you have enemy ships and stations in orbit and you fire shots and slingshot yourself around the level using the gravity of the planets. If you miss a shot your weapon goes on and when you hit the debris spreads out. You've limited ammo and fuel meaning you'll have to be conservative with it. if you are vindictive make this a one life per run and then restart with ""new character and ship/abilities"". This way you will have fuel and ammo for the journey, more so for the level, and will have to spare your use when you've plenty to avoid the scarcity. Also, this helps with balancing levels as if you create a level with puzzle mechanics it can be time-consuming to make sure it's fully beatable. Where everything is beatable if only you'd been more careful earlier. This makes it less frustrating and less your fault when they can't beat a level. Assuming this would be a near ""endless"" game where you just go till your inevitable death setting a distance record. You should, of course, balance the levels if you see an endgame level and a victory screen.",1544394632
a4frzl,Hexagonal player generated board game,"(Title may seem similar to another idea of mine although it's far from the same idea) # Introduction This is a fast-thinking strategy game with some luck involved for 6 players. Everyone spawns on the same hexagon. &amp;#x200B; # Dices When your dice is rolled, you get as many moves as your dice displays and you can use these moves whenever you want and decide what direction to go after each one unless it's the first roll, in the first roll everyone is moved straight outwards from spawn in their own hexagonal direction. Dices are rolled once upon a repeating global 10 second interval for everyone who has already finished their move. &amp;#x200B; # Generation The map starts with only one hexagon. It will create a new hexagon when you move over a slot that doesn't already have one, this hexagon will ""ripen"" once you finish all of your moves. A hexagon can only be walked on by others once it is ""ripe"". When it ripens, there is a chance of a random object spawning on top of it. These objects could be anything from obstaces to weapons to perks like extra moves etc. This will make players wait to finish their moves, possibly challenging other players who are ready to take whatever spawns on their newly created hexagons until the dice interval comes. &amp;#x200B; # Goal The goal is to eliminate the other players by using traps, weapons and tricks. Hexagons will break and fall apart with clear warnings after time and they do so faster if they are further away from all the players+map center's ""average"" position. This makes it dangerous to venture away from the other players in an attempt to run. ",1544311428
a3lach,"A casual, minimalistic game that is centered around the moon.","I am a second year computer science student, and I have been thinking about learning unity. I have never created a game before and I am only really proficient in java, so as a first real project (after gaining an understanding on the software), I really want to create a simple, yet fun/relaxing mobile game with an appealing aesthetic. Maybe even it's own soothing soundtrack. I started thinking about things that are calming to look at, and the moon came to mind. I have never really had a creative mindset, so I'm not really sure how I want to design the game. Which brings me here. What kind of gameplay do you guys think of as relaxing? Any ideas for gameplay elements? Any feedback would be greatly appreciated.",1544076847
a43b8m,Stealth Intimidation Message Delivery,"There is a common trope in books and movies where a powerful individual receives an intimidating message in the inner sanctum of their well fortified mansion, thus implying that the person/organization that sent the message has the ability to ""get"" them any where, any time. I would like to explore the role of the person who delivers that message in game form. I propose a 2D stealth game similar to ""Trilby: The Art of Theft."" The player will be given a mission to deliver a warning to a particular individual. That individual will be in a well protected mansion surrounded by security guards and cameras. The mansion will have several locations where the player can deliver the message some of which will be more challenging to reach than others. The more challenging the location, the higher the intimidation value of placing the message there. The more intimidated the target is by your delivery, the more your boss will pay for your services. This money can be used to bribe guards/staff into ignoring you, to buy cool ninja gear that will allow you to hide better, or disable security devices. Intimidating targets will also cause them to increase the security of their compound thus allowing the same level to be reused with different patrol routes and challenges.",1544211768
a4r23z,Pokemon Battle Royal," this game would be set in the Red and Blue era. You would drop down from an legendary pokemon, collect items such as Revives, evolutionary stones, pokeballs, and ect..., catch pokemon, and fight other trainers. You will land with a weak random pokemon from a pool of weak pokemon. Max number of pokemon you can catch is 6 and you can only have 1 pokemon out at a time (basic game mode). You will encounter pokemon in the wild that you can catch and will have a set catch rate depending on how good the pokemon is, you could also damage the pokemon to catch it easier. type difference will play a roll, but will more basic and diverge from the original game. It will be open world, so battles would happen without a separate battle screen. Pokemon will have two moves, a basic attack and a strong attack. Basic attacks will be able to use indefinitely, while strong attacks will take time to charge back up. Pokemon would have AI that would be much like ARK's AI and have the same mechanics as it. You can call back pokemon any time you would like, in case your pokemon would be too weak to battle or because of type differences. Evolutions can happen naturally through battle or through the use of evolutionary stones. the ring that will limits the playing area will be a space time bubble. there will also be a other gamemodes one where you can have two pokemon out at the same time and another where you can team up with another pokemon trainer with the basic rules. Winner is the person with one or more pokemon still standing. tell me what you think guys! anything to add or retract?",1544406065
a4rnjz,EPIC HERO,"EPIC HERO VIDEOGAME IDEA Medieval, epic semi realistic fantasy game that teaches you life lessons through the story and it inspires you to become the best version of yourself. Single Player Game Or Invite by Co-op up to 4 players by matchmaking. Create your own character, very extensive character creator. [PROLOGUE] You start the game, you choose new campaign and create your character. You start the game inside your home. You open your eyes, wake up and your step mom says good morning. Step-Mom is a total milf. She wakes you up and tells you to go to the hero academy. Hurry up grab breakfast, get dressed on the academy's clothes and go to class. You grab your sword, bow or staff. (you can change it later) Get out of the house and you live in a village outside a gigantic city. The academy is not too far away from your house. You enter the academy and is filled with talkative NPC's. you can play in first or third person. There is a lot of things you can do in the academy, classes you can go to, people you can talk too, wizard nerds you can help, stuff you can buy, money you can earn by doing favors, boys you can boyfriend ,girls you can girlfriend and you can even take your friends or boyfriend or girlfriend outside the academy, make them join your team once you graduate. So you do the school quests, pass your specialization of choice exam and you automatically are chosen to be a leader since people know you better than anybody. You choose your friends, you graduate and then are thrown into the world once again. FIRST CHAPTER [SCHOOL DAYS AND GRADUATION] So you go to school and is pretty much bully but medieval, you have a lot of fun in that school and learn the ways of the warrior, rogue or mage etc. You can sit on a bench, craft funny potions that change your appearance, fight bullies, grab them and throw them against anything. Craft swords in carpentry class, bows, blades, write spells in mage class, scrolls, put all that stuff that you worked on this chest, the graduation chest that will be given to you once you graduate, remember you are a student so there is a level cap on what you can make, but if you are smart, you can craft a lot of good stuff and try it out on the test room, before you leave school and grab the best students in the school to follow your journey after graduation if you have done favors for them and have earned their loyalty, if you don't talk to anybody inside the school, you will be given random students to follow your journey after school. On graduation, you are given the golden medallion of quest taker. Only people with this medallion can take quests inside a city or any village outside the city. So always wear your medallion or people will not give you quests and they will tell you to fuck off. So you spent all those days in school, socializing, working on your weapons, spells, bows, arrows, lore learning, learning about dangerous monsters and beasts, people, the city outside the vilage. Dragons, ogres, giants, magic, demons, half demons, witches, ancient tombs, legendary weapons hidden beneath the land, etc. All those things are out there for slaying and for the taking. After you graduate, you decide who you want to be in this world. So graduation happens and everyone is excited, your friends hug you on graduation like we are going to kick so much ass together, I am so excited to adventure with you, etc. The Schoolmaster gives you your chest and tells you that you can always come back to the school to say hi and that your school will display all the major achievements that they hear from you if you become famous. CHAPTER 2 [Making a name for yourself] So we have also a fame or renown meter, as you do quests you'll become more famous and can charge more for doing quests. You start with the quest completion rate of 100 gold coins to level 100 which is 1,000,000 gold coins or 10 bars of gold. Oh, you want me to slay that ancient dragon that lives outside the map and sometimes shows up to destroy the world, that one million please. So you get out of school right and you start exploring the nearby villages which are filled with quests, more NPCs, things you can steal, super effective that can kill you, so save your game, we do have autosaves just in case, we also hardcore realistic mode where you die once and your saves gets deleted. You see your name in a funeral tablet and the game ends. So in this world you have villages next to other, you also have mines, lakes, the ocean, forests, old ruins with old caverns, tombs, catacombs, cemeteries, big villages, small villages, the main city and inside that city there is the marketplace, guild of mages, guild of warriors and guild of thieves, Kings Palace, the guard station, the quest board, inns and taverns, brothels, banks, clothes seller, blacksmiths and even the black market. Nobody knows about this market but a few NPCs in the game, if they trust or you earn their trust, they will tell you where it is. You can also find it by accident. So you start doing quests morning and night, according to the quest time for completion. You have to watch for your general stamina, so if you are generally tired, you will suck at combat, you will suck at talking to people, selling stuff because you are tired. So you have to go to an inn or place a sleeping bag on the floor and sleep till the next day. Or just sleep in the floor but this will give you some penalties to speech again since you fell asleep on the fucking floor and you are moody. So make sure you go to an inn, check in with the owner and sleep with your companions. Now on co-op, your partner does not need to sleep, and he can only do the quests you have on your quest line if the other player moves too far away from you and or abandons you he will be automatically kicked out from your game. He will have to join the match again. Always go to sleep and check for your weapons, make sure you maintain them because if you go into multiple quests like a savage and just fight all day and night against bandits, corrupt mages, politicians, beasts, monsters, etc, your armor will visually degrade, so will your sword, your sword will fucking break in the middle of an important quest and you are like shit, what do i do now? Well all you gotta do is just pick up your enemies swords, but oh shit, these enemies don't have swords! Use your fists or borrow a sword from your companions, they always have extras. So if you want to keep a beautiful sword that you found, make sure to maintain it will break, once it breaks, the parts will throw to the ground, put them in your inventory and you can go to a blacksmith to put your sword together but for a heavy price to maintain your sword guys, if you do you will also get a damage bonus. At any time during the game, you can always stop and talk to your companions, get to know them more and check how they are doing. If you been doing nothing but insane questing throughout the entire week without much sleep and you haven't checked on them in a long time, they may decide to leave you. example #1 You have been doing very dangerous quests day in and out without talking to your companions at least once, you'll get a warning, they will want to speak with you and talk to you, telling you to repair their armors and weapons. They will be gasping for air saying that they hate you for putting them through such hell and decide to leave you. You can always find them again in the guard post or at an inn, ask them to rejoin your team if you are persuasive enough. So always check on your companions. Their armor specially and warn them before a huge fight. CHAPTER 3 [EVILS OUTSIDE THE MAP] So you made a name for yourself and got to level 50. Your companions are badasses. You are done with all the quests in the area but where are the credits? Go and speak to the king of the land, he will give you a very special quest outside the map, he will make you his royal guard, now you work for him. He will give you the diamond medallion. This medallion states that you work for him. Outside your land, there are dangerous gigantic beasts that give the best loot in the game. So you get out of the games main map and start hunting gigantic beasts, like dragons, falcons, huge demonic giants. They are guarding treasure and huge rewards, you kill them all and reach to level 80. Once all the legendary beasts have been taken out. You become king or queen of the land, you get to do king and queen duties until one day an old traveler shows up to your chair and asks for water. You are like is this a joke. You find out all your guards have been killed, he tells you this. You get ready for battle and reveals himself. He is a god, a demigod. You fight him in an epic battle and win. Then you get summoned and teleported to the conference of gods. All the gods are looking down on you, you become the new god of war, your powers are incremented and the gods ask you if you want to become immortal or remain a mortal, once you die someone else will take your place. You choose and continue being king of the land. You can still be killed you just won't die of old age if choose to become immortal. If you choose to become immortal you won't longer need to sleep. CHAPTER 4[ DOWNLOADABLE CONTENT] We throw in more adventures that you can go to, new lands and places. TRUE EXPANSIONS. And for players that finish the game and all the expansions, we send them a thank you letter for just being so awesome and supporting the game. THE END FAQ: Are there dungeons that require 4 players? No, there are dungeons outside your level and that is challenging, but if you are the correct level then you don't need 4 players. And if there is a dungeon where you feel stuck, you can always change companions and or go in there with 4 companions. Is this a buy to play game? Yes, 60 dollars at release. The full game at release, each expansion comes out 5 months or 6 months after the other. Can I create my own character and choose my sex? Yes you can but you can only be human. Is the game voice acted? Yes it is and is the best voice acting we can provide. Does the game has cutscenes? Absolutely! We have some epic cutscenes that include your character! And your character can speak! Is it moddable? Absolutely! ",1544410661
a4ey40,"A horror survival game (could be a maze or a forest) in complete darkness where your only equipment is a flashlight that makes louder sounds the longer it is turned on which alerts enemies and monsters to your location. Monsters only hear, not see.","It would be a combination of Silent Hill alley chase, outlast, and five night's at freddy's. At least the feel of it.",1544305601
a5zj7b,Fast travel battlefield,"I was recently reminded of The Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword. Specifically the flying aspect of the game, and how it got more dangerous the further in the story you got. I think making a game where that as its core component would be pretty interesting. Initially the player would be able to fly unmolested from a safe starting location to anywhere on the map. A Point of Interest (PoI) appear on their heads up display. Flying to that PoI would open some sort of narrative interaction to advance the plot and possible unlock more PoI 's. As the player moves further along in the plot, the skies become more dangerous. Ground based anti aircraft cannons will start appearing, forcing the player to dodge and weave to get close to PoI's integral to advancing the plot. Eventually sky based enemy patrols start lurking around important PoI's and the player has to fly like a maniac to get close enough to check off the last few plot points to complete the game. Getting killed would result in restarting at the safe home base or at the last PoI with the player's progress in the plot more or less preserved. The actual plot of the game could be anything, but I like the idea of a dystopian future where the player slowly uncovers and publishes a vast government conspiracy. Thus the more conspiracy the player uncovers the more resources government spends on trying to silence them. Also flying like a lunatic through a maze of skyscrapers with a pack of police VTOL's on your tail while looking for a resistance safe house is my idea of fun.",1544747299
a6gmsl,Developer looking for ideas to a game.,"Hi everyone. I'm starting a new game and would love to hear some ideas from you. I'm planning on doing an adventure puzzle exploration game with some horror tension atmosphere. I'm going to make it a first or third person game. I would like the main character to be a young teenager girl and I would like the game to be slow paced with very little dialogue and other human characters. My inspirations for the game are Stranger things tv series, life is strange, little nightmares, resident evil 7 and dreadout game. If you have ideas for game mechanics or plotwise I would love to hear them. The mechanics should be something that could use relatively small environments to it's advantage. Thanks everyone.",1544892452
a6xb9k,Resident Evil meets Stealth,"The player finds himself in a transporter of an underground research building, with no idea of how he got there. There are deadly monsters lurking the facility, and he must find a way to escape. In the transport, he finds an exoskeleton suit, which can turn him invisible, release a chemical to mask his scent, and allows him to move silently. Certain monsters use eyes to see, others can smell, while still others hear vibrations. The player must know what makes the monsters tick, and utilize stealth to survive, as he explores and learns more about the facility. ",1545028107
a6tcqf,Open World Dragonball,"If I could choose how they made the next dragonball game it would look like this. Totally open world and you start off as a created character. Maybe you could choose what race you want to be in the beginning. All the events of Dragonball/Z/Super take place in real time.. You can either choose to get involved or not at all and certain things you do to help influence your reputation with groups/factions. You start out without the ability to fly and you have to train to become stronger.. Build relationships to either train with people like Roshi, or do evil deeds and figure out a different way. Power levels would be important at least up to a certain point and you'd have to learn new techniques by training with new people. Obviously this game would have to have a gigantic budget and will never be made but it's something I wish would happen lol ",1544997474
a6i4b1,A side-scrolling JRPG in which the combat is wholly focused around the concept of stun locking.,"To be specific, it's JRPG *style*. That is to say, you control a party of four heroes on a story-driven quest. The two most unique selling points are its 2D side-scrolling perspective and its real-time combat focused on stun locking. ### 2D Side Scrolling JRPG Your party traverses the world in a line formation, [much like in Darkest Dungeon.](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/darkestdungeon/images/e/ea/15_Loot.png/revision/latest?cb=20140218212731) Generally, you would have your highest damage dealer in the front, your healers and spellcasters in the back, and your tanks protecting them in the middle. However, you'd be free to switch them around to fit whatever needs you have. Exploration is side-scrolling but with lots of forks in the road which split high and low. There is no distinction between combat and exploration. Combat takes place directly on this overworld as mobs of enemies sit on these paths. There is no battle start or end screens. Since you need to fight to get past enemies blocking your path, the incentive to fight is not about grinding. The game wouldn't have a traditional leveling system; instead, enemies would steadily get harder the further you progress. Since there is no grinding levels, the only way to beat them is to get better at the game. ### Stun-Lock Focused Combat Combat is like a mix between [Tales of](https://youtu.be/8jdFAi9k7OM?t=51) and [Project X Zone](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Abpx3-dWTQ) games. Each of the four face-buttons controls a different party member, in combination with the D-Pad to perform different attack strings or spells. For example, if pressing the A button controls the party leader in the front, then A+Forward does a 5-hit combo as he dashes forward, while A+Up does an uppercut followed by jumping into the air and doing a 3-hit combo. The D-Pad without any buttons moves the whole party in tandem. Individual attacks do little damage but they have **excessive** stun time, encouraging the player to stun lock enemies to most efficiently and safely dispose of them. You'll need to time the actions of different party members to keep enemies locked while other members are on their cooldown. Enemies have the same ability to stun lock you, so you'll often need to call upon other party members to save a stun locked member. **** Since there is no distinction between combat or exploration, it would make sense for the story to also seamlessly take place on the same screen. While exploring, party members would have context-sensitive conversations and character moments.",1544902807
a5ukqr,A game based off the Japanese movie Battle Royale(2000),Basically there would be a bunch of players trapped in an area where the area is continuously getting smaller and the players have to kill each other with weapons and gear that they find and loot in the area until there is only one person left. Perhaps there can be vehicles and building too.,1544715642
a6bxfh,Design Special Moves Then Use In Combat (X-Post with r/TabletopGameIdeas)," Simple game idea, for anyone's use. Rules are simple(ish), but they're ordered as I remember them and not in a real cohesive way. 1. In the event that there is a disagreement about the meaning of a rule or about if a situation makes sense then a coin flip, dice roll, or other equally random way of determining a person is used. The interpretation of the person indicated via this method will be used until the end of combat. 2. Played on a square grid, any size. 3. Grid has environment with objects within. Trees, walls, tables, people, etc. 4. Player has X number of ability points. I chose 20 arbitrarily. 5. Characters have X number of health points. I chose 10 arbitrarily. 6. If a character has 0 or fewer health points they are dead and cannot perform maneuvers or use or take advantage of special abilities. No other character may do so either. Special abilities which set statuses that apply partly or wholly to other characters remain in play. (There may be some instances where it would not make sense for an ability to remain in play. If this is the case remove it from play. 7. A maneuver is created thus: A start position is placed in the center of a 21 by 21 grid. I arbitrarily chose this as the max area in which a maneuver can take place. An end position is places anywhere on the grid. A line is drawn, from the start square to any of the 8 adjacent squares. Then from that square it any of its adjacent squares until the start and end are connected by fewer than 19 squares. This path may cross itself any number of times. Keep track of how many times it does so. Each square on this line is a place where the character is vulnerable. For a number of ability points equal to the number of times a square is passed through during that maneuver a square which is vulnerable can be made invulnerable. The starting square is included in this, the ending square is not. For 1 ability point you may create an attack square at the range of one of your weapons, doing one point of damage if that attack square lands on any of another characters vulnerable squares during play. A character's attacks cannot harm themselves unless specified by the weapon. For 1 ability point you may add a special modifier to the maneuver. Special modifiers are mentioned elsewhere. For 1 ability point you can designate one of the attack squares in your maneuver and increase the damage that that attack does by 1. 8. Play is conducted thus Either before or after an arena has been created (whether you do it before or after is important, you'll see why. I choose to do it before.) but before combat commences players will create maneuvers. Actions which have any or all of: movements, attacks, special actions. Players should use up all their ability points creating these maneuvers since no new maneuver may be created during combat. Combat happens in rounds. Each player chooses what maneuver they're going to perform and the orientation of that maneuver. All maneuvers are revealed. This means that during that round every player must be shown or told any or all information about the maneuver if they ask. Players may say or not say anything they wish about their maneuvers when they are not currently in play, including lying about them. All dice rolls are resolved, damage is tallied, and any special effects are noted. Finally damage is applied and the round ends. Last character/team left alive is victorious. 9. Attacks may not do more than 9 damage. So that characters cannot be killed with a single attack. 10. Characters have max move of X. I chose 20 arbitrarily. This is mentioned in creating maneuvers. 11. If two characters move through the same square then rule 1 is used. The person who is designated does 1 point of damage to the other. If more than two characters move through the same square then characters are designated one by one, doing 1 point of damage to all characters which have not yet been designated. Each and every unique intersection in a round counts 12. If two characters share the same ending position then the character that fails the resulting opposed roll will be moved one square back along their line. In the event of a tie the players will repeat until the tie is broken. 13. Weapons are thus: Knife: can only attack in a square through which you move. During the situation where the wielder's and another's paths intersect the other character takes one point of damage. The dice rolling and other damage are applied as normal. Sword: can attack any square adjacent to a movement square. Long Spear: can attack any square exactly two squares away from a movement square. (cannot attack adjacent squares.) Bow: can attack any square two to nine squares away from a movement square. (cannot attack adjacent squares or squares that a long spear can attack) Bomb/fire potion/poison cloud/etc.: can attack any square up to two away from a movement square. This attack can harm the user. This attack leaves behind an attack square that is active the round following its use. This attack square does the same amount of damage and retains any special abilities that the original attack held. 14. Once per round a player may choose to attempt to avoid an attack that would have otherwise done damage to them. If they wish to do so they perform an opposing roll with the player who's character would do the damage. If the player who's character would take the damage has the higher roll then the damage is not taken and any special abilities that activate on hit or on damage do not apply. If the player who's character would do the damage has the higher roll. Then the character will take double the attacks damage. Special abilities are not multiplied in this way and thus only apply once for the successful attack. If taking double damage would kill the character then this option may not be taken unless avoiding the damage would also avoid the character's death. 15. If the damage taken by a character in a round would take them to 0 or fewer health points then, if doing so would avoid the character's death, the player must attempt to avoid the most damaging attack of that round. So what do you guys think? Interesting idea? Any loopholes? Where can I be more concise but retain the same information? Anything vague that I should be more explicit about? I may add examples in the replies if there's interest.",1544844994
a6bina,Basketball Manager simulator,"I remember playing some multiplayer browser based college basketball manager game sometime in the late 90s/early 2000... I'm not sure, but I would love to play a similar game again. I'm sure I'm misremembering the details, but there were various leagues populated with AI teams that would just play simulated games against each other at a certain time on certain days of the week. A season would last maybe 6 weeks and between seasons, each team recruited new players as some players would ""graduate"" and leave. A new player who signs up gets assigned one of the AI teams and can then take control of lineup and recruitment choices. The key detail I do remember is that player stats and game mechanics were hidden. When recruiting, a player's speed or shooting ability would be listed as ""Poor, Fair, Good, or Excellent"", but there was a possibility that the player's stats could change one level up or down after you recruited them to reflect scouting inaccuracies. There were also rumors of a hidden stat reflecting team chemistry where your team just performed better with a particular player in the game. A lot of the fun of the game was analyzing the box scores after each simulated game and trying to guess at the mechanics of the game. Your opponent's best player is their 6'10"" center. Do you use your 7'2"" center with ""Good"" Blocking ability or your 6'8"" center with ""Excellent"" Blocking? Anyway, I know some programming, but I'm too busy to try to do this myself. I could maybe help out though if someone wants to try to recreate something similar.",1544841570
a4g1bu,"Not a game per se, but a mechanic","Dislaimer: This will sound stupid, possibly even counter-intuitive. The concept is adding a Slaughter gamemode to some more hardcore games, where the enemies are weaker, allowing games like Dark Souls to feel like power fantasies. This, I think, would bridge the gap between power fantasy and struggle, allowing some games to be enjoyed by more people. Sorry if this is a bad subreddit to post mechanics without an actual game.",1544313401
a6ul1z,Ocean Patrol,"Overall idea: You watch over a section of the ocean commanding units to respond to situations which arise appropriately. &amp;#x200B; **UI:** There is a map with all incoming emergencies showing up on the right and very top of the screen. The majority is just the map to easily control and monitor assets. &amp;#x200B; **Descriptive idea:** You're taking all emergency calls. Let's say for example a call comes out that a fishing vessel is in distress quite far off shore so you send a ship with a helicopter closer and deploy a helicopter with a rescue diver to go and survey the area. With every call you're making more cash which allows you to spend more on assets. If you do not respond to a situation appropriately you lose money and responding to situations spends money (fuel). Your assets would be Navy, Coast Guard, Life Guards and inside each category there could be multiple assets. Such as life guard they could have a jetski, rescue swimmers, quad bike which would only allow them to handle situations near the shore. &amp;#x200B; **Public view:** News will try get anything bad on you. Over-responding to situations could act negatively on your public view which could make stuff more expensive. &amp;#x200B; **Notes:** If you decide to go ahead with this please let me know so I could add further input. Other than that variety of emergency calls is quite critical in making reputability or allowing modding. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;",1545006282
a5cbpu,company simulation,"Just a spitball idea I thought might make a good game // you start by picking what kind of company you would like to run (examples include music record label, animation studio, or like a game development company) then start small and build your way up. In ways similar to Game Dev Tycoon much more deep into specifics and you would get to pick what kind of company you run giving you more variety so you can maybe try something new. Micromanagement is something remarkable and I think would be heavily associated but not too complex so the user can have a simple understanding right off the bat. It would have specifics into a company such as employees, status in industry, profit margins, advertising, things like that. I understand there are games like this but not fully like this. I get there are games like software inc. and game dev tycoon and such but I feel this would be more deep into management and give you the opportunity and struggle and accomplishment of running your own company. ",1544570844
a52x7q,Planet Gary,"Okay so this is my idea for a fallout-lore-based game. This wouldn't be an actual fallout game but rather a comedic spinoff. Kind of like Spaceballs. The game is exactly what is sounds like. It takes place in an alternate timeline, where Mr.House won the 2nd battle of Hoover damn and pushed the Legion out of Nevada and has formed a treaty with the NCR, which lasted for 10 years until eventually they were destroyed from internal corruption. It takes place in 2381, about 100 years after the events of New Vegas. House has succeeded in renovating the strip, revitalizing the Mojave, eradicating all opposing forces, and restarting the space travel industry. He has also sent expeditions across the US with the intention of gathering new resources, advertising the booming strip, making alliances, and looking out for potential enemies and threats to his growing nation-state. This is where our game starts out. House has sent you on an expedition to outer space to look out for new worlds to ensure humanity's future should anything like The Great War happen again. You end up landing on a planet not too far from our solar system. At first you think it is uninhavibited. After a while you discover that there are micro-organisms, plants, and even alien creatures on this planet. But then.... You discover another ship from earth. You ate shocked. Could this be a House ship? Certainly not! He would have informed you of his previous expeditions. Upon observing the ship, you find it is a pre-war ship. In it, almost everything is broken. It looks like the ship was scrapped for parts. In it, you see glowing chambers with blood inside. You find documents from the US military and Vault Tech in 2070. Suddenly, you are attacked by a group of men. In the commotion, you cant make out who they are...or what. You can only make out one word: **Gaaaary!** This game takes you on an adventure to find your way off this planet where Gary has been sent to before the war. Here, he has been cloning himself and the Garies have infested the planet. Creating their own government, society, barter economy, even military (like the Citadel from Rick and Morty) The game will be comedic but horror at the same time.",1544497871
a4cnht,A slow-paced scrapyard robot wrestling game in which you have direct control over specific hydraulic joints.,"Picture Battlebots but on a wrestling mat. ### How It Works Using soft-body physics, each player controls a simple robot made out of a few basic shapes and even fewer joints. Controlling your robot consists *only* of closing and opening hydraulic joints. Each gamepad button is tied to a specific joint that stays locked into place when you let go. This locking lets you perform holds. Joints also have a little bit of ""give"" to allow you to slip out of holds. At the start of a round, both robots are already kneeling in a neutral grappling position. Each robot has a big self-destruct button on its back. You win a round by either pressing the opponent's button or by making them fall on their button. ### Why It Works The hope is that this will be for wrestling what Rocket League is to soccer. Whereas normal soccer games have you control broad actions (shoot, pass, etc.), Rocket League gives you direct and specific control of your ""body"" and lets physics do the rest. Direct control of limbs could make for a wrestling game that's more about strategy, positioning and pacing. That's the hope at least. And if a developer uses simple block shapes for the robots and a stock build-in physics of their chosen engine, this could be a relatively simple game to make.",1544290461
ac2ib3,3D Psionic Fighting Game (Heavy Inspiration from the Dissidia series),"Elevator Pitch: Basically a series of characters with supernatural abilities fighting their way to a powerful ""Gill"" like character who promises to grant the desire of the winner of a fighting game tournament. The story is intentionally simple because the main lure here is the gameplay. &amp;#x200B; Lore: Various powers are common place in the world. The most common being psychic powers. A core rule for psychic powers is that they are sculpted after the situation in which they sprung up in I.E. A soldier who is dominating some natives may develop a very aggressive power that allows him to maintain his aggression. &amp;#x200B; Plot: A powerful being broadcasted a message to the entire world. He was waiting at ""x"" location. He is holding a tournament where the winner will have whatever they wish granted. &amp;#x200B; Characters (All names are subject to change as the only one I have figure out is Lime): * Lime - A young woman with the ability to move things with her mind. She is a very kind-hearted person who is passionate about music and helping others. Although she possesses a second personality which can activate when she is afraid. This personality has much better control of her powers and does absolutely anything to protect Lime. She calls it Leme because puns. She enters the tournament knowing that someone will try and use the prize to hurt people. Her gameplay relies on high-mobility and flight similar to Kuja from Dissidia (essentially a character who has attacks at all ranges and uses high aerial mobility such as a glide to move in and out of range). Her core gameplay will be a dodge-and-weave type who can dodge on the startup of her attacks before counter attacking. Some attacks in her arsenal burn a super gauge which replenishes when she is not taking damage. Her super move is a lighthearted attack where she dashes in and grabs thew opponent, charging them with kinetic energy before flinging them back and forth in every direction hitting the walls of the television repeatedly. Her instant kill is an attack where Leme buries the opponent in a mountain of debris before compressing it all and destroying it under a bright flash of light. The attack ends with Lime regaining control and beginning to cry. * Ruthless - A former soldier who possess the ability to alter the density and kinetic force of his own body. He is ruthless and wants only to prove that he is the strongest. His gameplay will rely on a balance of brutal rushdown and unbreakable defense. A core move of his is a wind shockwave generate from a punch. It possesses a transcendent property that makes it pass through projectiles. He can do a follow up from this that closes the distance with his opponent. He also possess many grapples that allow him to throw his opponent into a wall dealing damage. He can expend a super gauge to buff himself in various attributes. His super move will be a massive punch with a large whirlwind following its path. After the whirlwind lands Ruthless will leap onto the opponent and proceed to beat them violently with his fist. His instant-kill (which I have named The One-Two) is where he rushes in and gives his enemy a brutal punch to the gut. This punch sends the opponent flying and hurts Ruthless' arm with a flash. Screaming in rage Ruthless will intercept the flying opponent and, with the same arm, gives them a second punch from the other side so powerful that it visibly tears the skin off of Ruthless' arm. * Vandal - A young man with a vendetta against Ruthless for the murder of his parents and sister. He wishes to enter the tournament knowing that ruthless will enter, defeat him, and use the wish to bring back his family. He possess the power to manifest weapons and armor from his mind. He is creative with his power and can often cover just about any field by changing his weapon. However each weapon has a This is so the Jack-of-all-trades, master of none character doesn't end up as a master of everything like in many games (Yu from Persona 4AU, Goku Black from DBZF, etc). He has an handaxe and shield for close range (average) damage and defensive parries, a spear for mid-range damage but it lacks tracking and is easy to sidestep, and a rope knife for close-up unrelenting pressure at the cost of defense. Using the rope knife he can close the distance very quickly but lacks any means of defense besides more offense. His instant-kill will be a massive whirlwind of attacks as Vandal changes rapidly between weapons before ending the attack with two slices from his dual-swords. * William - A elemental ""wizard"" who can control fire, water, wind, earth, lightning and ice. He wishes to enter the tournament and use the wish to gain infinite knowledge. He is very haughty and prides himself as a master of the arcane. His main gameplay is the ability to ""activate"" one element's ability. For example he could create a gale that blows the enemy in a certain direction or maybe a fireball that slowly chases the opponent. Each ability will consume his ""mana gauge"" which replenishes on its own when not in use. The core idea of these signature spells is that they force the enemy to reconsider how they close the distance. A wind that blows the enemy in one direction may alter Lime's dodges. Whereas an earth wall could be used for cover against characters with linear approaches such as Vandal with his spear. His super will be a massive meteor launched on top of the opponent. His instant-kill will involve him trapping his opponent in an icy prison before launching a series of natural disasters at them such as a flaming tornado, a meteor, a gigantic bolt of lightning, etc. * Hancock - A former police officer who gained psychic powers after the murder of his family by an occult practitioner (detailed next). He has the power to create fields of energy that are impassable. He uses these to attack by surrounding bullets from his pistol in them for added bang. He possesses security batons which are also buffed by his power. He is similar to Naoto in Persona 4 Arena: Ultimax. He can do zoning and close range fighting. However he has a limited number of bullets before he has to reload meaning he must fight at close-range until he can get adequate time to reload. He can expend meter to buff his next attacks with force fields. The meter recovers rapidly on its own. His super will be a large beam shot from his six-shooter. His instant kill will be him wounding his enemy with several blows from a charged security baton. After which he will project of large beam of light from the barrel of his gun before passing judgement on the opponent with it. * Sabbath - A former desk worker who developed a hatred for life. Due to the stress of his job and cynical breakdown of everyday life he became aware of an omnipresent force looming over the world. He agreed to help it destroy existence itself by winning the tournament. His core gameplay will be similar to Kefka (Dissidia) and Adachi (Persona 4 Arena: Ultimax). He will have many unpredictable attacks. Mainly projectiles that harass the opponent and a rushdown game built around mix-ups and feints utilizing illusions. He can also conjure pieces of the Great Old One (Dungeons &amp; Dragons) inspired being which he refers to as the Jabberwocky. From claws to feathers to tentacles and eyes which shoot beams of energy. His super will involve him entangling the opponent in black, inky tendrils before conjuring a goat-like eye to launch a beam of darkness at them. His instant kill will be a counter that is only performable at below twenty percent of his health. After being wounded by a melee attack during this counter he will go into a cinematic where he is launched back by the attack. He proceeds to laugh maniacally saying ""It'll consume everything"" He slams his hands on the ground forming a giant glyph and screaming ""And I mean everything."" As the glyph forms a large veil of mist spreads out from him. From below the enemy a large claw will launch them very high into the air as a monstrous form appears behind the mist. It looses a high-pitched scream as the enemy simply evaporates. A huge emphasis on this attack will be that you never see the full shape of the creature. You see its mouth and and a claw but that is all the perspective lets you see, * Unknown - A strange (assumed male) humanoid creature wearing black and brown robes and a mask that hides his face. He is completely silent and uses strange appendages to fight. He is a very high-mobility fighter and many of his attacks are fast and deal very good damage. Meant to be a very hit-and-run character as all of his attacks are incredibly good and difficult to punish but they rely on a meter to do so. When this meter is empty all of his attacks gain a significant nerf and his overall mobility suffers as well due to a heavy reliance on using special moves to maneuver. His super will be where he makes a single slash on the opponent before the screen turns green and several silhouettes of him make additional cuts. His instant-kill will be where he repeats his super before binding the opponent in tentacles and walking towards them. He removes his mask facing the enemy (away from the camera) and they suddenly go limp from fright. * Aveth - The host of the tournament. An incredibly powerful being of great wisdom. He believes that if someone is willing to fight for it then it cannot be wrong. This belief proves his undoing when Sabbath defeats him and he is bound by his own moral compass to allow the destruction of the world. He host a wide array of powerful (and non-playable) forms and abilities. These abilities include telepathy, incredibly physical strength, manipulation of his own form, matter and reality manipulation, elemental creation and a godly avatar which increases his already absurd abilities tenfold. He is meant to be the final boss and most certainly no playable. He is so strong in fact that to test the wills of each tournament participant he holds back. The only characters who he fights at full power are Sabbath and Unknown. He claims that Sabbath's motivations are too important for him to hold back in testing. He will also show considerable anger when being challenged by Unknown. Saying things along the lines of ""I should have known it would be this way."" His actual fight will be the final boss of the game. He will fly from various ends of the stage with kicks and punches. He will lock off parts of the stage with a torrent of water that will wash the player away if they are caught in it before he strikes the sea with lightning effectively killing the player. He may send duplicates to attack the player in unblockable attacks. One of his final attacks will be where he goes limp and multiple angelic wings appear behind him. These wings will be a full-screen damage dealing attack that must be blocked on beat with the music. This is to give the player a good guide on how to block the attack without just dying immediately. Against Unknown and Sabbath he will move considerably faster, attack more frequently and have nearly no recovery frames. Many of his attacks such as his final attack will become instant-kills meant to emphasize the difficulty of these arcade modes similar to Fukua's story mode in Skullgirls. Gameplay: Being the all-encompassing category that this is I have broken it up into multiple subcategories. The first being: * Mobility - Overall very similar to Dissidia. Which for those of you who didn't play Dissidia I will translate. A 3-D Fighting game where characters have very high mobility. Each character can dodge in eight directions both in the air and on the ground. A grounded forward dodge will result in a leap. Good for hopping over projectiles. In Dissidia characters had a dash that could propel them through entire sections of the map in seconds. I have omitted this feature for the sake of making the combat slower and more strategic. Characters have shorter more burst-based dashes that can function well in closing the distance but have high recovery frames making them very punishable. Certain characters like ruthless have special moves that can close the distance (such as a dashing punch after the shockwave for Ruthless) * Damage - Hit the guy until he dies what more is there to say? Jokes aside there will be multiple ways to damage your opponent. There will be a wall crash mechanic which deals lets say 30% of the damage of the move that launched the recipient as unavoidable damage. Unlike Persona 4 Arena: Ultimax there will not be status effects such as silence and charm. These were incredibly difficult to keep track of (like Panic oof) and hurt the game as a whole. * Meters - Each character has a special ability linked to a trait. Hancock has his force fields, Ruthless has his transformation and Lime has her EX gauge. Each meter will charge differently for each character such as Lime's charging when she isn't taking damage leading to a very careful play style with lots of dodging. * Flashy Stuff - Each character will have two super moves to use. The first of which is a super move that deals a huge chunk of damage to really give them threat. Maybe they can be used when a separate meter which fills when dealing damage is filled. I don't want to just hook them to each character's trait gauge because some characters would be extremely hard-pressed to fill their entire gauge without hurting themselves in the process. The second is an instant-kill meant to be comeback mechanic. Each character is equipped with an instant-kill attack that can end the match entirely if landed. However if can only be used once and only when below thirty percent health.",1546493840
ac9at2,Warhammer Online game,"Let's address the elephant in the room: Warhammer Online: Age of Reckoning. This is a Warhammer online game that ultimately failed. It failed hard. However, I believe this was due to mismanagement, and greed, more than anything else. &amp;#x200B; The game I have in mind would feature seamless pvp and pve mechanics. Large battles that are fought with a large number of AI opponents with human players mixed in. There would be different Orders (such as destruction, death, and order) that would have different mechanics and goals. The different races would have similar goals within the same order to maintain balance (unless a way is thought of to maintain balance while achieving significantly different goals in the same order). &amp;#x200B; AI players would be common units in Warhammer, with player characters being more of hero units. This would allow players to feel very powerful, while also granting some sort of immersion. There would be some NPC hero characters as well that would function as 'boss' characters for a certain order. &amp;#x200B; Taking from the failures of the previous Warhammer, there would not be regions that could be captured by orders. How could players feel like they make progress or change the world in such a setting? I believe there should be story events that can be completed by a mass number of players that wish to participate in these story events at set times. These events would be things like: Major battles, taking a city/keep, destroying enemy hero units, killing particularly high skilled enemy PC's, etc. The game world would be affected and adjusted based on the results of these major events. I think that would provide incentive for players to play with eachother to defend or attack and change the map/regions for an order. &amp;#x200B; In addition, I do not think there should be 'mirror' classes. I think each class among each order should feel different and play differently to a certain extent. My hope is that coupled with the amount of races and orders, players should be playing their favorite races which would limit one side from becoming too powerful.",1546544444
ab92mr,A business sim with ethical dilemmas,"Child labour, outsourcing, lobbying... just things you could do to cut costs and build your empire. To reward ethical play you could incorporate public perception and marketing into it to influence things. I'm thinking mostly text and graphs like a democracy game, but with more ""control"" for things like opening a new factory or what industries to go into. ",1546276660
a7j2hb,A game where you are a serial killer. You have to balance notoriety with anonymity,"So you might have similar methods, calling cards, victims etc which would lead to people knowing about a serial killer in the area which would make your next kill that much harder.",1545193848
acmuqk,An eerie first-person navigational puzzle game about entering mirrors. Each mirror crossed makes the world stranger.,"The game is set in an aerospace laboratory dealing with radio telescopes. The game starts at the laboratory's party celebrating their huge new contract. All the NPCs you speak to are lauding their revolutionary mirror technology and boasting about what it'll do for looking into deep space, so you step away from the crowd and into restricted areas to check it out for yourself. You find the mirror they were gloating about. It doesn't have your reflection. You can step through. On the other side, everything (even text in the game menu) is mirrored. The further away from the mirror, the ""lower quality"" everything gets, especially for anything outside of the mirror's line-of-sight. Textures get blurrier, polygon counts lower, etc. If you return to the party in this mirrored state, all the NPCs have no face and only ""act"" alive. You can't return through this mirror. The scientists had said something about polarization. They also mentioned that they had built a second mirror with the opposite polarization on the far end of the laboratory. Your goal is to find it to get back to the real world. ### Gameplay Exploring a little further you find another ""regular"" mirror. This one is on the floor and stepping through it you fall onto the ceiling of the other side. The world is upside down. The core of the games environmental puzzles revolve around navigating this M. C. Escher maze using mirrors. At many points you are allowed to rotate some hinged mirrors to predetermined angles. You can also take things through mirrors as long as they fit, so you can grab one box, take it across the mirror and stack it on top of the box it was originally reflecting to reach a new place. The things you bring over have the physics of the place they came from, so if you brought something to the upside-down space then they'll too fall to the ceiling along with you. The mirror worlds have get progressively more menacing depending on how separated their orientation is compared to the original world. The normal ""left-right"" mirror world is mostly the same other than the lowering quality and the faceless puppet-like NPCs. The ""upside-down"" world is creepier, with deteriorating walls, warped textures and deformed NPCs that wander around on their own. The ""upside-down + left-right"" is even worse. And let's not even speak of the ""rotated 90-degree + left-right world"". If you have to go through there... just fuckin' run.",1546637079
accdbo,peaky blinders like game,a video game set in 1920 Birmingham where you create a character and your character is part of a family gang. You start at the bottom of the tree in the gang but as the game goes on you slowly build your way up to leader of the gang. Can follow a main story but also has plenty of opportunities for side missions which could reward you with upgrades for your gang. Online could work too as you could have a read dead like system with gangs rather than posses and have to do missions to help your gang or attacks on other gangs.,1546562259
a7bba7,I have a game idea,"Hello, I am a person in High School. In ART I once had the opportunity to design my own game or at least have the ideas written down. I even designed a detailed map of how I would like the game to look like. I have a book full of sketches and other small ideas. At first, my idea was to make a ""stage-based"" battle royale game where every stage other weapons drop. For example, the first stage would be only pistols or melee and the last stage would be special weapons like RPGs or 50 cal. Sniper Rifle. When I first started working on this idea with a friend, battle royale was still a very hyped thing but as time passed it got less hyped and I knew that this idea would probably would not work as a stand-alone game. I and my friend are both people who play a lot of Counter-Strike and have also played for a pretty long time. From this, I have learned a fair bit of competitive shooters and Team-Based games. So I came up with an idea of a 5v5 Competitive Shooter a mixture of Counter-Strike or Rainbow Six Siege + League of Legends/Dota 2. This may sound like a weird mix but in my head, it sounds good. It would work like this, before the round starts, in the lobby you are able to choose what role you want to play. For example, there would be: Sniper, Assault, Support, Medic, Heavy. This may sound like its battlefield but its not a large scale battle game it is a 5v5 Competitive Shooter. These different roles limit you to buying, for example when you choose to be a Sniper you can buy utility, pistols and Sniper Rifles. As a support, on the other hand, you get a larger amount of money you can use after each round but for that can only buy weaker weapons than a Rifler for example. The support Role would be a role that can maybe drop someone else weapons or is able to buy someone armour or utility. The rifler wouldn't get that much money each round but can buy stronger weapons and the heavy is able to buy machine guns and heavier weapons as the name already points out. &amp;#x200B; I'm still young and I am not sure what to do with these ideas and I would love to hear your guys opinions on this. I am inexperienced in developing games and I for me this idea sound pretty good. I didn't know where to go with this idea and I am not even sure if this is the right subreddit. Whoever took the time to read this, thank you, and have a great day :) ",1545141777
a732z7,"Game idea decision, and anouncment","Us at EMWPGames, now with the psrtnwrship with some other friends, will be renamed GHOSTALGAMES, But whoever gave us a game idea, we have our decision....................... ............................................... ............................................... ............................................... ............................................... ............................................... ............................................... ............................................... ............................................... ............................................... ........................We will be using rockmandotede's idea. More details soon. And thank you to the everyone who commented, game idea or not. It was nice.",1545075453
a6lhc1,I would like to make people's video game idea's into a youtube video.,"Hi, I am tlol2 and I'm have recently got into game development. I also have a passion for making youtube videos. I have thought of a way to mix these 2 hobbies together and make an interesting non-tutorial gamedev channel. On this channel I will be making YOUR game ideas into actual games, so if you have any ideas please let me know. Thank You!",1544928099
a77lkv,What if the style of FIFA mashed with the gameplay of COD?,[removed],1545106530
a5dk1d,Western Online Survival,"In the cold winter season during the 1800’s, you wake up covered in snow, freezing. It doesn’t take you long to realize what had happened during your hike up the mountain, avalanche... The storm doesn’t look like it will let up anytime soon, anymore than an hour and you’re a dead man... you need to find shelter. Not sure about a name, but definitely thinking plenty of hardcore survival aspects, and maybe even events like a carriage that shows up on the map, maybe it has lots of loot. Lemme know your thoughts.",1544579671
a5zk38,Any Ideas for a hyper casual mobile game?,I cant think of any ideas. Got any?,1544747464
a6ef03,Mercenary Band Management Game Opinion,"# Preface / Idea Origin: To just give a bit of perspective, I am a now third year student majoring in Computer Science and Computer Games Development so I have a rather good foundation in academic programming and understand a few important design concepts. However we have not yet been given many projects which involve actually creating a game. It would focus more on code specific issues such as pathfinding etc. Now I feel like I want to start on a larger game and follow through to the end. So this idea that I have has gone through quite a few iterations and has changed substantially from what I had originally envisioned. I originally had wanted to design a management game which primarily revolved around being a shopkeeper in a fantasy world and having to then win over customers and in the end bankrupt the opposition within the town. The game would also end if the player went bankrupt. Now while I enjoyed this idea I felt like it lacked a larger aspect of fun and engagement and so I then thought I would add a mercenary function to the game. The function would allow the player to hire mercenaries to procure items to sell within the shop. The player could decide then whether or not to play as the hired mercenaries and then move through set maps collecting goods and fighting mobs pokemon style or send them to do it automatically. I then kind of fell in love with this idea of hiring mercenaries and changed the main concept to be a game where you hire and control a band of mercenaries with issues such as food, money, reputation etc. The concept I have right now draws heavily from various games the main ones being Monster Hunter and a lot of RPGs especially JRPGs. # Gameplay: **Overview:** The gameplay will resemble a cross between Darkest Dungeon, Monster Hunter and Stardew Valley. The player will be the leader of a new band of mercenaries who are trying to work their way up to being an unstoppable force. The game will have a large focus on upgrading your camp and equipping the mercenaries you hire with the right tools for the Job before setting out to complete quests given to you by various parties. **Setting:** The game is set in a standard fantasy world. The Mercenaries you hire have all the standard High Fantasy classes (Mage, Knight, Hunter etc.) and the enemies the same (Lich, Skeleton, Wolves, Hobgoblins etc.) I do not have much of a story yet as I am a pretty shitty writer but will probably hire someone in the future or let people join in if I get far enough in development. **Mercenaries:** These would work similarly to darkest dungeon where they approach your group in hopes of being employed. They would come with equipment and a set skills. You can however decide to spend money and equip your members with better gear if you feel their usefulness warrants it. As your group gains more reputation, better adventurers approach you and it is then up to you to decide whether or not hiring a new recruit is better than training up someone you hired earlier. Training would only boost their stats. I feel like I would approach it similarly to pokemon where the members level up and it is up to you to build them how you want. **Monster Hunter:** I am a very big fan of the monster hunter franchise as a whole and I love the environment it creates that allows the player to experiment and find out the best way to complete the quests. I have not played any MH World yet though so this is mostly based off of the older titles specifically Freedom 2. Some of the ideas I plan on integrating with this game are: * A hub world or campsite which would be the main HQ for your band of mercenaries. You would then accept missions and set out to preset maps. This hub would contain various necessities for your group and would improve as you recruit more members. I would also (really badly) like to include a system similar to the Pokke Farm. Simply a farm or place where you can gather limited materials without actually heading out to the field. * The need to research and prepare thoroughly before setting out on your mission by having to know what type of enemies you could expect and their weaknesses or that you might just completely ignore the enemies themselves to go on a gathering quest and prepare as such. * The monsters behaving like actual animals and having regular patterns such as sleeping etc. * The structure of the maps, having different areas separated into zones so that encounters with large monsters can handle combat easier. Similarly to MH I would have each mission take place in a unique biome which needs to be studied first to see the advantages/disadvantages. However, that is about as much as I want to draw from MH. &amp;#x200B; TL:DR - Mercenary management game in standard high fantasy setting with monsters being unique and requiring the same preparation as MH. &amp;#x200B; There is obviously an extremely large amount of work and just thinking through in general still to be done. I realize as I wrote this just how much I still need to consider but felt like putting something out there will at least solidify me in the process of pushing through with it. Any opinions or suggestions on how to go forward with an idea like this would be appreciated. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;",1544871601
a8q4lh,StarMap,"Alright lads listen up, I'm doing a thing. The thing I've done at the moment is a StarMap, a 3D view of like a thousand or so stars of different types with fancy names and planets and all that which you can fly around and look at and so on and so forth. I'm trying to decide on what to do with my starmap. I like the idea of a game where the primary view is of this starmap, and you're kinda managing things from this view rather than playing in first or third person. The question is, what kind of game to make? I'm particularly struggling on the mechanical side of how to make the game interesting to play, but I have a few different ideas for the game scenario. Some scenario concepts: \-You play as a team of space smugglers aboard a large spacecraft ill-equipped for combat. The game starts in the middle of a job gone wrong, main gameplay loop revolves around running jobs for clients. Sci-fi setting, light-hearted exaggerated tone (GotG-esque). \-You play as an ethereal super-being investigating the galaxy for something. \-You play as a generation ship trying to find your way to a new home for your colony. \-You run a budding space station or other business in a sci-fi world and the game is tycoon-esque/incremental. \-Your ship has malfunctioned and left you stranded in deep space. The game is a struggle for survival. \-A galactic war is raging and you command one side against the other by issuing orders, etc. &amp;#x200B; These are just a few scenario ideas I've had, but I'm struggling to consider the mechanics of how such an idea could become a game (with achievable scope) rather than just a scenario. Any ideas with regards to mechanics, or indeed entirely new scenario/game ideas, would be super welcome. I've got a starmap- where should I go from here?",1545524827
a8kbe6,Fixing Movie Licensed Video Games,"In Raycevick's excellent video on Ghost in the Shell video games, [Shirow Masamune's quote](https://youtu.be/vYqrVKiQVBg?t=1429) struck me. &gt; The manga of The Ghost In The Shell did not place importance on its sustainability as a series because it is faithful to the idea that works in different media, be it film, TV series, manga or novel, should each be optimized to its own art form. I feel like this captures the reason why most movie-licensed games suck. *Ghostbusters* is about some ordinary guys establishing the business of ghost huntings, making their own equipment, hiring guys, and taking requests from people whose home is infested with ghosts. But the game they made was just a Gears of War clone when *XCOM* style game would have worked wonderfully. *Harry Potter* is about a mystery set in the magic school with the heavy emphasis on the social interactions with various factions with different motives. The games were just Zelda clones and later, Gears of War clones when something like Bully with the roleplaying mechanics would be appropriate. *Mad Max* is basically *Shane (1953)* set in the nuclear apocalyptic wasteland with the heavy emphasis on the car action and *the survival theme*. The game got the car action right, but there was zero survival element. There was no game equivalent of [Max desperately trying to find a tiny amount of gasoline from the crashed car right after the exciting car chase.](https://youtu.be/8pVJj1xYPS0?t=129) but only adding the awkward attempt at mimicking the combat of Arkham games when it should have been *S.T.A.L.K.E.R.* and *Fallout* with cars. All these games followed the trend in the gaming industry of its time with the added surface level of visual and story flavor of the source material instead of truly optimizing the spirit into the interactive art form. It is similar to how video game movies suffer from the same problem. So I wanted to share my thoughts about what would be the ideal movie-licensed video game for each movie franchise. All these franchises had a some sort of video games, some were good, but mostly bad. - **Star Wars** EA era Star Wars games have been not so good, and among all the canceled projects, only AAA Star Wars games they have published so far is Battlefront. Such a shame because as Lucasarts era Star Wars proved, Star Wars is capable of more. Canceling Boba Fett movie was a wise decision, but the idea could work beautifully as a third person bounty hunter open-world game set in the darkest corners of Coruscant. I know *Star Wars 1313* was going to be just that, but it was unfortunately canceled. My hope is them buying the assets of similarly [canceled *Prey 2*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPkHZfjK5z4) and repurpose it as a Star Wars game. Prey 2 was already pretty much a Boba Fett game as the player plays a role of the bounty hunter in the underground metropolis full of exotic aliens and crime syndicates colored by vibrant neon aesthetics. Also, it is unfortunate that there has been no proper Clone Wars game except for *Republic Commando* since the setting is perfect for the high octane character action game. You slaughter countless droids, cutting them into tiny pieces on the battlefield. The violence would be no problem as all the enemies are droids. *Metal Gear Rising*'s sword combat lands perfectly for the lightsaber gameplay with the ability to slice everything including the enemies. Ridiculous scripted events that defy the laws of reality fit right into the Jedi's power. If you do not get what I mean, watch [Gendy Tarkovski's Clone Wars series, which is essentially Metal Gear Rising: The Movie.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cF3ocZu4cZo) Even the *Dynasty Warrior* style Clone Wars game is fitting with the sense of scale, the battle dynamic, and picking different heroes with different abilities. - **James Bond** The biggest problem of post-*Goldeneye* James Bond games is the developers are just trying to make an action shooter with a few gimmicky gadgets and vehicles sections thrown in. At least EA Bond games were somewhat unique and trying to incorporate James Bond elements, but Activision Bond games were horrible, probably due to the Craig Bond's realistic approach. It is ironic that the Craig films actually introduced more campy Bond icons such as fantastical gadgets, tone, and supercars in *Skyfall* and *Spectre* when the video games did not. Activision Bond just chased what was popular in gaming. *Quantum of Solace*, *Goldeneye Wii*, *Legends* were a shoddy COD reskin, and *Blood Stone* was an Uncharted reskin. Bond films are not just action blockbuster films. The novels and the best movies in the series have been closer to a hardboiled detective genre, and Fleming was inspired by the classic noir: Talking, investigating, interrogating, etc. Of course, the action, car chase, and gadgets are cool and should be there, but they should not be the core of a Bond game. Super Bunnyhop pointed out that *Hitman* is the best Bond game for the aforementioned reasons, but personally, that crown goes to *Alpha Protocol*. Alpha Protocol, despite its flaws and glitches, is the only game I felt like playing as James Bond. My ideal would be Activision buying Alpha Protocol right from SEGA and remake it as a Bond game with Daniel Craig model, a few script changes, bug fixing, John Barry score (or David Arnold score), and the functional combat system. Another James Bond game I would like to see is Goldfinger in the style of Goldeneye N64. If you do not know, there is a Goldeneye 64 mod called [*Goldfinger 64.*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKg7hOLDqIE) This actually exits and I, myself, have played via the emulator. Basically, the mod is an attempt to adapt *Goldfinger (1964)* film into the FPS like how Goldeneye 64 adapted *Goldeneye (1995)*, expanding the story and detailing events in the film. While the visual, music and level designs are absolutely amateurish in some sections, it is surprisingly faithful to the film, a hundred times better than any Activision Bond game and feels like an authentic game Rare would have made in the 90s as an expansion. My dream is Activision hiring these mod devs and make it into the full game with the modern engine, graphics, controls, and fixing some flaws of the mod. The same objective-based structure and the gameplay of Goldeneye 64. Using the real footage of Goldfinger movie in cutscenes, blending them into the real-time cinematic like how [EA's Lord of the Rings games did with their cinematic.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=al60uXYKL_g) Making a 60s Sean Connery Bond game is not that far-fetched idea you think it would. EA has made [*From Russia With Love* video game with Sean Connery returning as James Bond.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgn1a6JlEFY) And considering how gigantic Activision has become and the recent revival spy flicks in Hollywood, they absolutely could pull it off. - **Blade Runner** Both *Blade Runner* films and *Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?* were moody detective stories deeply rooted in the hardboiled genre (I know I'm repeating this word multiple times but...) with the action bits being rare so *Deus Ex* approach would not be a good decision. I also do not think a fully open world game where you drive spinners and go around every area of the city like *Cyberpunk 2077* would bode well. While the point and click adventure Blade Runner game developed by Westwood in 1997 was great, I would like to see something like the detective gameplay of *L.A. Noire*, collecting clues, and cross-examining people that lead to different paths, combined with *Yakuza*'s smaller world but highly detailed and quest design. It should avoid a mini-map or point marker to educate the player where to go which would undermine the detective work. Example: you found the Moscow ballet wooden figure in the crime scene. You can either 1) Visit Moscow ballet organization and ask about it or 2) contact a wood expert and analyze the figure. They all lead to different paths and may lead to the different conclusion, making the game replayable. Since the films' actions are brief but realistic and hard-hitting, the combat can work like The Last of Us, which depicted the incredibly gritty and raw fight that every shot the player fired was crucial to the battle dynamic. Also, the automatic machine guns were almost entirely absent and the focus was on the close quarter fighting and the semi-automatic firearms just like Blade Runner movies. On the story, setting in 2023, bridging the original film to 2049, and exploring days right after the [*Blackout* in 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrZk9sSgRyQ&amp;t) when the whole country went full chaos and under martial laws due to the EMP strike would be interesting. The player playing the Blade Runner tasked to chase who caused and planned the whole Black Out incident and Tyrell Corporation trying to cover it can create a compelling narrative. Side quests consisted of hunting down Nexus-8 due to the complete Replicant abolition. The player gets to witness how the Blackout impacted the society, how the government responded, how Tyrell fell, the social phobia against the Replicants, and the rise of the Wallace Corporation. - **Ghost in the Shell** I know *Ghost in the Shell* is essentially Blade Runner in the anime form, but unlike Blade Runner, this series is easier to adapt in the video games because of more actions and cyberpunk elements to it. With that said, the core of GITS is still a detective mystery heavily inspired by Blade Runner with the protagonists being the futuristic police force investigating diverse cyber crimes and terrorism. There have been many different interpretations of GITS ranging from the original manga to *Mamoru Oshii* films, *Stand Alone Complex*, and *Arise*, all have their own styles, canon, atmospheres, and themes. It should set in either the Oshii universe or the SAC universe as they are the most famous and fleshed out. The manga is not well known and Arise is the easily the worst in the franchise. On aesthetic, I'd want to see the anime-inspired cel-shaded visual like *Guilty Gear* and *Kenji Kawai* and *Yoko Kano* soundtracks are a must. The game can borrow from *Heavy Rain* and *Detroit: Become Human*'s investigation gameplay--which was the only good part of that game--with finding evidence and the reconstructing the crime scene using the high tech equipment fitting for the cyberpunk setting. Despite Major Kusanagi having some acrobatic physical abilities enhanced by augments, the way they portrayed them in the films and the TV series was somewhat tactical and grounded to immerse the viewer into the world. *Splinter Cell: Blacklist*'s fast-paced gadget oriented combat/stealth gameplay is a great template to use. - **Starship Troopers** Based on *Paul Verhoeven*'s 1997 film, not *Robert A. Heinlein*'s novel, and ignoring the movie's sequels including *2, 3, Invasion, Traitor of Mars.* The movie was not only a satire of fascism but was also a warning on the internet culture and how it may be used as propaganda. Why not elevate that theme into the meta-commentary of online streaming such as video game streaming? The game starts and the menu screen is the off-air message, ""Please Stand By"" like the streaming is not started yet. Options menu looks like a Smart TV options menu. The player HUD consists of the helmet display and the TV feedback. Set two decades after the film, the bug war continues similar to how the Afghan war is prolonging. The opening which is the Federation propaganda introduces Rico and Carmen who have honorary discharged and live a happy life as heroes and citizens of the Federation, and encourage young men and women to join the military. It implies that Starship Troopers film was a movie-within-a-movie, propaganda produced by the Federation. It introduces how the researchers of the Federation have invented the powered armor, which was the novel's iconic sci-fi concept that inspired countless sci-fis *Halo* and *Metroid*'s armor but missing from the film, and how it can live stream the combat 24 hr for the entertainment and the propaganda. You fight in Klendathu and Tango Urilla. The funny advertisements and the propaganda clips famous in the film occasionally interrupt your gameplay. Like *Bulletstorm*, it is the first person shooter and the player's objective is not just defeating enemies, it is about how *cool* and *creative* you can kill, which is incentivized by *the rating.* The citizens of the federation watch your 'playthrough' and every time you do a cool thing, show off, save your comrades, order your teammates (as the player is the squad leader), accomplish the secondary objectives, creating combos, slaughter bugs as fast as possible, the applaud sounds from viewers supplement it, and you earn a bonus from the broadcasting company or the government to buy your new moves or gears for your powered armor. Basically, war as a game to boost the troop's moral and citizens' patriotism. However, anytime you do friendly fire, see your comrade getting killed by the bugs, or die, they lower the ratings. If the rating is at the bottom of the barrel, the stream is abolished thus game over. - **Ghostbusters** Speaking of Ghostbusters, which I mentioned earlier, the reason why I said XCOM should be the template for the Ghostbusters game instead of the obvious candidate that is Luigi Mansion, is because Ghostbusters is not just about *catching ghosts.* Despite [NES Ghostbusters' infamous notoriety](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLVGmvmNitg), the concept was pretty cool. The game makes the player feel like you are managing the small firm: Buying equipment, receiving a request, driving there, and catching a ghost. The modern Ghostbusters games only adapt *catching ghosts* part despite the movies equally focused on the formers. Hell, one of the major obstacles in the first movie was Ghostbusters fighting the government official regarding the safety of the equipment. XCOM formula is so perfect for Ghostbusters to the point where Firaxis could buy the right and reskin XCOM with the Ghostbusters theme and it would not feel off. You establish the organization to combat the 'out of this world' forces, recruit the manpower, research techs and create equipment, respond to the call, send the manpower to missions, gain the XP and customize your characters while playing the political game with the government. All they should do is adapt the combat system to incorporate the ways how the characters fought ghosts in the movies. Any idea about what could make an interesting movie licensed game?",1545480130
a8l9pm,Things I would like to see in Fire Emblem games (both story and gameplay)," I am looking forward to Three Houses and its potential for the return to the home console in a decade. Although there are new things I really like such as the battle formation and the visualization of units as a group instead of one character, from the footage and information they have revealed, it seems not to be a radical departure from the Fire Emblem tradition. It kind of disappointed me because I thought this was the time for the series to do something really different from the modern FE and classic FE. I would like to talk about aspects, both gameplay-wise and story-wise, I have always wanted to see from the franchise. None of these pitches are *impossible* for Intelligent System to implement in their future game. It is not something like ""Make Game of Thrones but with Fire Emblem."" (it would be cool tho) I do not think these are something too nuts enough to get the M rating or too drastic to be a Fire Emblem game. Also, I am not a fan who played every classic Fire Emblem game (Only played Awakening, Fates, Echoes, The Binding Blade, The Blazing Blade, The Sacred Stones) so I am not sure if hardcore fans would agree with this wishlist, but I thought this was a better way to ignite a discussion about the series than ""XXX good and bad."" - The ancient Greek/Rome and Egypt-inspired setting From the beginning to today, the series always has been the typical Medieval European fantasy boomed in the 80s Japanese pop culture involving the dragon and the evil magician. Awakening and Fates had Feudal-Japanese inspired faction, but that was about it. They all have a very samey look and atmosphere to them. Since the franchise has a very loose timeline and canon enough to be easily fashioned to support any setting, why not venture through other historical periods? Personally, I would like to see Ancient Greece/Rome, Nordic, or Egypt. Or you can do all three of them with each faction having that distinct style. Maybe the player gets to explore a pyramid or fight in the gladiatorial colosseum, or maybe meet mythical creatures like Kerberos. And as the success of Assassin's Creed and God of War proved, the unfamiliar exotic setting does sell. The consumers are willing to play the historical fantasy other than Medieval Europe. - Non-Lord protagonist Literally, all protagonists in the franchise have been variations of teenage fairy hair boy scout/girl scout Lord, either born as a noble, royalty, magician or destined to become a hero. And the 16th time playing another character like that, this is a good time to break that mold. As I mentioned the Ancient Rome and Egyptian fantasy setting, both civilizations were infamous for [the long history](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery_in_ancient_Rome) [of slavery](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery_in_ancient_Egypt) Imagine a story like Spartacus or Water Margin that deals with the revolt of the lower class, people with every background coming together as brothers and build their own nation, defending themselves from the invaders. This fits perfectly with the fief management genre with the hero building the army to fight off the invaders Fire Emblem is known for. Maybe the protagonist is a slave who was forced to fight countless wars and become an old aging hardened veteran, which serves as a tutorial. And after killing the slave owner, the player escapes and creates an army to free other slaves. You build the base deep in the forest that works like My Castle in Fates. This premise has a potential for the personal and emotional character-driven story with a strong moral message. - Hexagonal grid This might be the most controversial point, but I would love to see Fire Emblem experimenting with the hex grid. All Fire Emblem games have used the square grid map that only allows the four direction movement system of units. This works for the interior maps with the strictly controlled level design, but restrict the strategic freedom of outdoor environments, resulting in the battles that feel like claustrophobic and inorganic, and Echoes was the worst offender of this. Hexagonal grid something like Civilization V could open the new tactical dimension to the combat of Fire Emblem. It gives more spaces to environments, allows the diagonal movements, and lessens the unit cramming that halts the pace of combat. It also gives more opportunity for units to attack, which means getting trapped and surrounded by enemies would be a certain death so the player has to consider every angle of possible movements and outcomes. What I want is doing both the square and hex maps, for example, square grids on the interior maps such as the cave, castle, fortress, building, and hex grids on the outdoor maps. - Stealth I am not sure if this idea was proposed in the fandom before, but with the aforementioned slave rebellion premise earlier, instead of a battle of two standing armies we have seen in most Fire Emblem games, the guerrilla warfare matches the theme incredibly. Locating the units in a certain environment had an effect in the unit's status such as the movement, hit point, and the defense point in most Fire Emblem games, but why not go further with this concept? What if locating the unit into a forest or a swamp conceals the unit, appearing invisible to the opponent? And once the player attacks the unit, or the enemy unit gets too close to the player unit, or the enemy unit uses the ""search"" function in the area, it reveals the player's unit to the enemy AI and vice-versa. This allows another dimension to the enviornment and provides new tactical gameplay to the combat for the player and AI like hiding and luring the opponent's units and ambush them. This makes just moving your units alone tense. The player has to beware environments and deduct the possible enemy position. - Verticality and Reactivity Continuing the discussion of the environmental side of the combat, since Fire Emblem series has fully transitioned to the 3D with Three Houses, I would like to see them taking full advantage of the three-dimensional space like some verticality to the map. Verticality can be a simple bonus. For example, if you order the unit, located on the hill, to attack the enemy unit, located on a plain, you get a bonus attack point. Higher plain means better than the lower plain. Simple, but give a tactical edge to the combat. Or this may be ambitious, but the reactive environment akin to Breath of the Wild, but in SRPG could create interesting scenarios. Let's say if you use fire magic on the unit located in the forest, you cause a forest fire that expands to other tiles and damages units. If you use ice magic on the unit in a lake, this freezes the unit, making them unable to move for one turn. - Action points I am not sure if this can be a good thing or a bad thing for Fire Emblem's formula, but it is something I had in my mind. Fire Emblem traditionally uses the one turn system, similar to other turn-based JRPGs. Basically, you select your character, move to somewhere, and do something, then your unit's turn is finished regardless of how much and many actions your unit has performed. You cannot move and attack and move and attack again. The action point system found in the western tactical RPG games like classic XCOM games and Fallout games give certain action points each turn for the player to perform, and it is free to whatever the player does within that points. If the character has 12 action points, you can take 3 steps, attack, consuming 5 points, and take 4 steps back, retreating. As long as the player's action does not exceed 12 points, the game allows it. This allows the multiple tasks and the flexible movement within the turn. Again, I am not sure if this less linear and less limiting system can work for Fire Emblem, but I threw it out to see what anyone would think of it. - Choices affecting the character's fate In every Fire Emblem game, it is possible to let every character alive. It is difficult, but it was possible nonetheless. Awakening had completely fake illusions of choices and Echoes had a choice to recruit one enemy general and kill the other, but as far as I know, that was the closest branching path. My favorite moment in Telltale's The Walking Dead was (SPOILER) when I had to decide which character I should save: Carley or Doug. Choosing one results in the permadeath of the other and although the change was not significant to the main plot, you get a different character to interact with and changes how some events being played out. I would love to see a story choice that decides the character's death, picking which one to save. This could work wonder in Fire Emblem, which always been separating itself from other strategy games by focusing on the characteristic of a unit. For example, in the story, the player's gets ambushed and you have to choose of the cavalry units and sacrifice him/her into the suicide mission so you can safely escape. Doing something in the crucial story event keeps one character happy while disappoints the other character, leaving your army. This increases the tension of the story, that anyone can die or leave your army, and the replayability of the game. And I want to see a branching choice that has both the story and actual gameplay consequence. ",1545489553
a82ggg,Interesting pvp combat idea,What if you had to type out words to perform your attacks? Like shorter/simpler words for low damage attacks and longer/advanced words for higher damage attacks. Have the words be randomly generated to prevent use of macros and make the attacks cancel the enemy's current attack that they are writing out. You could get to know your opponent and chose attacks based on how fast they write. ,1545339843
a4ne6x,rotate-dodger,I'm actually considering making this game and just want to get some feedback before I jump onto it &amp;#x200B; it's a simple game where you play as a little ball that rotates around the centre of the screen. You need to dodge an onslaught of shapes shrinking towards the middle whilst trying to get the highscore.,1544380854
a8cqxs,"An exploration-based shoot'em up, like if you turned R-Type into a Souls-like.","A living planet was invaded by techno-alien entities that began modifying it with their technology to turn it into their own fortress. The planet itself created you, using stolen alien technology, to fight back against the heavily fortified alien forces. The basic gameplay premise is that of a traditional side-scrolling metroidvania, but instead of platforming you fly around and engage in combat like in a classic arcade shooter. Progression and exploration is gated through ability upgrades, and the large world loops back around on itself at several locations. Combat is SHMUP bullet hell with waves of enemies spawning when you trigger checkpoints. Areas cleared stay cleared until you die or save (at which point all enemies on the map will respawn). As you explore the world, the map screen slowly fills out to reveal a humanoid shape.",1545416298
a3o34f,A Battle Royale where there are X number of players but one gun with unlimited bullets.,You can punch or get the gun and shoot. Last man standing wins. Your performance in the match gets you points that you can spend to unlock crates that contain cosmetic items. Free to Play with in game purchases of points to unlock crates or specific items (a la every Battle Royale). ,1544104380
a3w014,Your thoughts? Opposed dice + modifiers,"I've been mulling ideas for a fast-paced tabletop/miniatures game around for a couple years. One of the factors I always get hung up on is the dice system. As much as I'd love to have a unique dice system that adds a new dimension to the game, I don't think I am creative enough to make something unique or not convoluted. So, I'd like to ask your thoughts about opposed dice + modifiers. **To explain the flow of combat as simply as possible:** Full move -&gt; Number of actions based on weapon (i.e. handgun vs smg) -&gt; Move again (1-3 squares, depending on speed). Terrain squares will affect combat effectiveness (high ground, low ground, obstruction, visibility, etc..), therefore second move action to allow for a layer of strategy, I think. Weapons will have accuracy that befits the type of weapon (A sniper rifle is more accurate than a machine gun). Modifiers will be kept fairly small as to not make combat *too* swingy and to \[hopefully\] make calculations more manageable. **Sidenote:** I do realize that more things to do per turn = longer turns = potentially not fast-paced. The vision I have isn't necessarily fast-paced play, but mechanics that paint the picture of a fast-paced battle. Of course, I do want the turns themselves to as quick as possible to nurture a more intense feel. **How do the dice affect combat?** The idea I have is d100 +/- terrain modifier +/- accuracy modifier. I realize that's probably a lot of math for a miniatures game, but I feel it fits the game's theme. I'll consider scaling the dice down if I can figure out a ratio that I like. I like the idea of percentiles, but I am also aware that bigger numbers = longer to calculate. **The specific questions I'm looking to have answered are:** Will this system contribute to a fast-paced environment? (Or will too much time be spent on calculating?) Would you consider a system like this to be easy for new players to pick up? Do you feel that a system like this would get old fast? Disregarding theme, do you think you would play a game with this kind of system? What sorts of things do you look for or expect in a dice-based game? (Not necessarily this one) Any advice for me as I continue my journey into this development? ",1544154308
a4h8c0,For Honor style?,"I have to say that For Honor is one of my favorite games, visually, also the combat system is a lot of fun. It also has a bit of difficulty that penalizes you for bad timing and spamming (in certain situations spamming works but you have to plan it, which is what I like about). I also enjoyed the solo campaign a ton and wish there was more to it. I feel like for Honor could make a really good coop or solo Dark Souls esk game where it’s super difficult and does not tolerate mess ups. In addition, it might make an amazing rpg, like the Elder Scrolls, where you find and make your armour and weapons, and go on quests and stuff. The animations are also amazing too, just watching the knight walk around in their armour is enough for me in For Honor. But I think they proved the capabilities of For Honor being a solo game with the pve and story modes. However, I wouldn’t want just a bunch of mini guys that are one hits, I would want each npc to be a challenge. Agree? Would you play it? +character customization too (like face and height stuff) +tons of different sets of armour",1544322721
a4qd76,You are what you would usually call a enemy in a video game. Your enemy is the protagonist played by a AI.,"You are a police man. There is some kind of crazy (AI) person. They do illegal things and you try to stop them but... they can take like 20 shots in the head while you would die with 1 bullet in your head. The (AI) is supposen to be the player - not you. You first encounter the **person/the antagonist** spraying grafiti on walls and spraying it into your and other's face. They escape with their crimes. The next time the person is on some kind of rampage shooting at townfolk. You try to shoot at him but he don't even scream after being shot. he get into a car, you try to chase them down but they escape. The person is a now known **criminal Vlad Kartoschfell**. The police man starts his usual patrol with his new partner. **GAMEPLAY** Hud: The hud consists of a map where the antogonist's next missions/goals can be seen, the antogonist's wanted level from 0-100 and the antogonist's healthbar. Goals: *Find Vlad and force him to fail a mission (Vlad's mission related characters act as if nothing happened) *Arrest or kill Vlad (Vlad respawns at his home, the police man gets it. He is a NPC in a video game. He has to stop the ""protagonist"" before the ""player"" stops playing forever. *Vlad is starting to get stronger he is getting more weapons, starts to work out and is trying to complete all missions. *Vlad has completed all missions and you lost. The credits roll and the game crashes. You re-open the game and your police man is refusing to give up. You perma-kill Vlad and end this cycle of madness. Knowing that he (the police man) did everything to save the world he dies happy once you leave the game. There are 20 missions for Vlad in the game. The player can learn about Vlad's story by talking to Vlad's story characters. There are 20 side missions for the true protagonist -The police man solving crimes. You can request backup. You can crawl to safety once you are shot and end up at the hospital. If you die you will simply see the funeral. The fastest way to end the game is by letting the AI do its job while other NPC's shove you and scream at you for standing in one spot for the whole day. What are your thoughts?",1544400769
a3lyz8,Unique/Fun FPS Game modes?,"I'm planning on making an FPS and I'm looking for multiplayer game modes that aren't just the generic Team Deathmatch or Capture The Flag (Although they will be available game modes when the game is released), so if anyone has an idea for a fun game mode, I would like to hear them. (Btw I'm on mobile so I can't format the list) Ideas So Far : - A few regular players on each team with the ability to respawn. Each team has a giant player who can destroy structures. The players must assist their giants while they fight by using traps and heavy weaponry and avoid accidentally killing their own giant.",1544083294
a4a9jd,Military land vehicle design game,"Essentially it'd be a cross between naval ops warship Gunner and automation, the car company tycoon. You'd be able to design the engine, armor composition and thickness, even the weaponry with sliders or choose from presets and place that weaponry on the vehicle, then slap in some seats for troops/crew and give it various systems to complete specific missions. Different nation's would have various needs for what vehicles they need that fit their terrain and budget. Bonus points for an exporter to try it in a military environment such as Arma.",1544271224
a3v196,Procedurally generating dice/board game with free movement,"Story: Everyone used to be crewmates on a pirate ship but they got into a fight and their ship sunk, now they are fighting to regain as much of the treasure for themselves as they can. On round start, everyone spawns on their own islands spread around a volcano in the ocean. Each pirate gets a personal treasure chest that 75% of their total treasure is stored in (the rest is on the pirate and will drop on death) and they can lift it around to hide it. Your own chest's location is always shown to you and an alert is given out if someone gets close to it. The volcano shoots out a dice for each pirate in a specified interval and they land on a random island segment of the island each pirate is currently standing on. The islands are all placed on a hexagonal grid net and can be expanded by dropping the dice in the water where there isn't an island segment, if you try to do this in between another pirate's and your own island, a destructible bridge is instead made. The higher number on the dice, the better the segment will be with higher amounts of vegetation and increased chances of getting random loot hidden on it. Pirates can obtain loot on island segments that will help them defend or attack against other pirates like swords, barricades, traps, decoys, etc. You will keep respawning unless you are completely without riches for a specific amount of time or if someone drops your treasure chest into the ocean. (That would lead to suicide and transformation into a spectating parrot which can rat out information) You can team up with other pirates for a higher chance of surviving but don't be surprised if they stab you in the back. You win by being the last pirate standing.",1544147564
a5zvf1,A simple way to make the battle system from Paper Mario: Sticker Star work,"I'm posting this here since it should probably be made into a game inspired by the battle system in Sticker Star. I'd doubt the battle system itself would be very difficult to incorporate; I'd say \*Intermediate\* difficulty, if you're including action commands. &amp;#x200B; # The main criticisms of this system: * No incentive to battle (rewards are just coins, health, and stickers, which were all expended in the battle in the first place) * Strategy is too mindless and linear * No customization in combat * Not very engaging combat (too simple action commands) * No partners or badges (as in 64/TTYD) &amp;#x200B; The lattermost one is subjective, so I'm ignoring it (Yes, partner and badges are what made the older games good, but the elements from those games don't have to be the same elements that make every other PM good). The others, though, are quite objective. I'll try to solve them without changing the battle system itself too much. &amp;#x200B; # No incentive to battle `Problem:` I'm against the idea of EXP in RPGs. It's an illusive incentive; it just makes battles mandatory rather than optional, unless you're good at dodging attacks, in which case, congratulations - You now have the option of playing less of the game...for being good at it. The only good part to come out of it is when you get to choose what stat to increase (as with Mario RPGs), but this could be done without a leveling up system. The MAIN problem with EXP, though, is that you're rewarded for completing each battle regardless of your skill. If you take up too many turns, you take more damage. If you take damage, it can usually be healed back up afterward no problem, or the HP loss won't matter and you'll survive until you can get to a rest area (to restore your HP) anyway, or dying won't matter, since you just lose a bit of progress, and reengage the battle you died in over and over until you eventually get lucky. *The point is, when a battle is inevitable, you get the same amount of EXP no matter how good or bad you did.* Sticker Star, in theory, fixed this problem: You get a net gain of ""EXP"" (stickers) from each battle depending on how resourceful (good) you were with your stickers. If you use less stickers and win the battle, you get a net gain. If you use too many, you get a net loss. At least, this is how it **should** be. In reality, each battle in SS nets you...one sticker, usually, and if you're lucky. And just enough coins to barely make up for the stickers you used. &amp;#x200B; `Solution:` Simply make battles give out more stickers and coins, and make stickers and coins more valuable. If your Sticker Book is full, extra stickers should be converted into something else, so there's still an incentive to battle even if your inventory is full (maybe even more of an incentive to battle if this ""something else"" is extremely valuable, like EXP that grants permanent buffs). However, you will only gain this ""something else"" if you are resourceful with your stickers such that you use no more stickers in the battle than you gain from it. With this system, you slowly accumulate more, and better stickers if you're good, just like the devs intended, minus the ""if you're good"" part. It makes each battle a risk-reward, rather than just a risk or just a reward. Also, make coins buy stuff other than just stickers, even if it's just cosmetic stuff that doesn't aid you in combat. It's still an incentive nonetheless. &amp;#x200B; # Strategy is too mindless and linear `Problem:` Combat boils down to ""use X sticker on Y enemy."" Enemies are flying, spiked, or semi-flying. That's it. Only one enemy has any interactions with other enemies, and that's the Koopa Troopa (and Buzzy Beetle). It's way too easy to be as resourceful as possible with your stickers, since you just don't use hammers on flying enemies, and don't use jumps on spiked enemies. That's it. &amp;#x200B; `Solution:` The arrangement of enemies should matter. A lot. Like in old PM, hammers should only target the frontmost enemy, while jumps can target any enemy, but are weaker against enemies with Defense, which there should be more of. Make the Hurlhammer exceptional by letting it target any enemy. Don't make hammers attack multiple enemies. Add stickers with more unique, situational effects, like increasing your attack, or decreasing the enemy's attack. Add more unique interactions to enemies. Take the Roller Guy from Color Splash, for example. It's just immune to Hammer attacks, I believe. Why not instead make it so that, when you attack it with a hammer, it takes no damage, but it gets knocked back into the enemy behind it, if there is one? That way, when Roller Guy is the backmost enemy, you should use a jump attack, but, otherwise, you should use a hammer attack to do more damage. This is **variable strategy**. Now, combat is ""use X sticker on Y enemy if Y enemy is in one of many situations"" (like in old PM). Much better. &amp;#x200B; # No customization in combat `Problem:` Your options in combat are purely based on what stickers you managed to accumulate so far. You either happen to have an option for every situation, or none. &amp;#x200B; `Solution:` Two or more Sticker Books! Whenever you gain a sticker, you choose one of multiple Sticker Books to put it in. When you go into battle, you can only choose one of these Sticker Books to use. You may sacrifice a turn to swap your Sticker Book. Now, with this simple additions, obtaining stickers is a lot less linear and a lot more customizable. You get to make multiple ""arsenals"" of options, but you only have access to one of them at a time. You must choose to have variety in your sticker book (hammers, healing, jumps, etc), or sacrifice variety for an advantage against certain enemies you've been encountering (all hammers against spiked enemies, for example). Also, it would be cool if, each time you found an ""Hp-Up Heart,"" you could choose to raise HP, maximum inventory, maybe First Strike attack power, or even your odds of fleeing from a fight, eh? More customization, more replayability. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; # Not very engaging combat `Problem:` All action commands are either button mashes, motion controlled, or timing based. Without variety, this makes battles get stale over time. &amp;#x200B; `Solution:` Perhaps the easiest to solve. Add more action commands. Precision, judgement, reaction, luck, speed, memorization, risk, and visual distinguishment are all examples of elements that can be incorporated into action events. They can be even be mixed and matched with each other. You also only ever use one button, A (I believe), for all action commands. Change this up. Add joysticks, more motion controls, other buttons, etc. &amp;#x200B; # Thanks for reading all the way through.",1544749728
a5wadj,"In depth sandbox, magic, fantasy, RPG game idea.","Ok, so, I have an idea for a game that hasn't been done yet, but can most certainly work, at least, I think so. Let me walk you through from starting it up, to dying. You load up the game (Its for Virtual Reality), put on your VR headset ad see the starting menu. What the menu looks like does not matter. You click on play and are put into a character creator. You see a blank person in front of you (human, clothed) and navigate through what your race to be (Orc, Elf, Halfling, Human, etc), and then you choose your class (Paladin, Bard, Rogue, Wizard, etc), and each class gives you a bonus to strength and dexterity, which will come into play later. (I got the idea for this game while playing D&amp;D.) Of course, you have sliders for facial features, and I'm talking, this character creator is pretty in depth, maybe not black dessert (a game) but still, there are a lot of options. After creating your character you can choose a god to follow (Fire, Wind, Earth, Water, Magic (The gods will likely be the developers)) or no gods at all. The point of having a god to follow is so you can get things like protection from other gods, special powers, answers to your prayers that you send up by practicing a ritual (and the god may or may not answer), and whatnot. Certain gods will have certain requirements as well, like the god of earth might require you to free a deer's trapped soul if you kill one while hunting, and if you do not for three times in a row, you may be smited. If you choose the no gods route, just make sure you don't upset them, because they have no love for you. Anyway, after you press play, you are set into an open fantasy world (Like, a huge world, maybe a Continent), like that out of D&amp;D. Not only that, but pretty much everything is destructible. If you take a shovel and shove it into the ground (your in VR, remember) than dirt will come up and you have dug a hole. Congrats. If you take an axe to a tree, you need to mirror real life to do it, it doesn't have hitpoints, it has a trunk. then, to make a plank of wood, you would have to shape the tree trunk and nail it to your house using a hammer and nails (A hammer and nails that you or someone else makes). Now, you may be thinking, ""this is too hard, this would take to much time, I wouldn't waste my time building a house!"" Well that's why its a massively multiplayer server. You can get help from friends, or live in an inn that was already built by somebody else. You may also be thinking, ""If its massively multiplayer, and everything's destructible, won't it be anarchy? Will anybody's house be safe?"" Well, yes, because I believe I have found a way to make it so people will not kill each other. In games like, well, anything, people kill each other with no feelings whatsoever because the guy you just killed will respawn, and nobody will dislike you because of that fact. But in this game, when you die, you can't log in for another 24 hours, and must make a new character. Before you go, ""that's ridiculous, then I would never play, its too easy to die,"" let me tell you that that is the one thing that will make it so you don't die instantly. If somebody is afraid of having to go through 24 hours of waiting and making a new character, they won't kill anybody, because they are afraid themselves of being killed, that is what will make people make a society. Also, the chances of having a negative consequence to dying in a game (finally) will make fighting for your life, or assassinating somebody all the more fun, because it adds suspense. So that's how character creation, world shaping, and society works, now for combat. Being in a D&amp;D-ish world, there would be magic. I imagined the magic to be a hyped up version of VR Magic Gestures AI (Find it here -----&gt; [https://ravingbots.itch.io/vr-magic-gestures-ai](https://ravingbots.itch.io/vr-magic-gestures-ai)) and that's pretty much all that needs to be said. You can throw fireballs, force push, and lightning blast or whatnot. I'd imagine the spell list being pretty long. I think you could also cast spells by writing down a few symbols in your notebook and clicking on them with your finger. Now for sword combat. If you were sword fighting I feel like it would be a mix of Blade and Sorcery VR (here ----&gt; [https://store.steampowered.com/app/629730/Blade\_and\_Sorcery/](https://store.steampowered.com/app/629730/Blade_and_Sorcery/)) and Creed: Rise to glory with there phantom melee technology (here ----&gt; [https://store.steampowered.com/app/804490/Creed\_Rise\_to\_Glory/](https://store.steampowered.com/app/804490/Creed_Rise_to_Glory/)). You dexterity and strength with decide if the sword swings powerfully, but slow, or vice versa, directly influencing the phantom melee. If you were maxed out on Dex, a light sword or knife would give you best performance, and vice versa with strength. For bows, you have the option to pull back about halfway and then scroll down on the thumb pad to make your fake arm pull all the way back, and that's just for people that have headsets like the Windows MR headset that looses tracking if your hand goes behind your head. So yeah, that's combat. Also, if someone is targeting a certain player, no matter which character they choose, they should be banned and smited by a god. I fell like for locomotion, I would use something like the Freedom Locomotion system (here ----&gt; [https://store.steampowered.com/app/584170/Freedom\_Locomotion\_VR/](https://store.steampowered.com/app/584170/Freedom_Locomotion_VR/)) So that's it, my game idea. A game of kingdoms, run by players. A game of mercy, and revenge. A game of Gods and magic. Thank you for reading. (Unreal engine type graphics, forgot to say that)",1544726520
a7sqdg,"A ninja game, but you have to pay for the damage you cause to objects.","You're a ninja, and you have to get from point A to point B sorta like the original Ninja Gaiden games, but stage objects break a lot easier, and at the end of a level, the total cost of the damage is calculated, and you have to pay for it with the money you collected. If you can't pay for it, you have to work a part-time job, in the ninja outfit.",1545268086
a41epg,A game of Disguise,"This is a very rough idea. It'd be great if you guys would help me better this idea. A game where one team of X number of players get to blend in to the crowd and the other team with X number of players has to find them in the crowd. **The Goal:** The goal of the team who is hiding is to keep hiding from the enemy players for a certain amount of time by blending in the environment. And goal for the team who is finding is to find the enemy team by unusual activity that is happening in surrounding. Both team gets the chance of hiding one after the other. **Mechanics:** The team who is finding them has to keep watch of any unusual activity that is happening in the crowd to find the player. Here, NPCs are walking around doing their job and any unusual activity will be the trace for the finder to the hidden player. The players hiding can be disguised as anyone they want. Now, the ones who are hiding has to keep doing the things that NPCs are doing. If they are caught off guard, it'll give out to the finder who will chase that person and once caught, the game is over. **Setting:** A great setting can be an airport. Here, NPCs are doing what normal people would do. There are people waiting for a flight, bringing another players to the airport in a cab, coming in the cab, selling stuff at stalls, etc. The hiding players has to blend by doing activities like them. The finding players can put CCTV anywhere they like, chase anyone they like, and keep chasing them until they find out what the NPC/Enemy players' purpose is. FP can do random checks on NPCs in hopes of finding the HPs. Both team has access to voice chat internally. The HPs cannot stay at one point for a long time because it would give their location out with the help of technology. **PS:** It sounds like a very normie idea right now but it was fire when I was thinking about it.",1544199856
a6bbsg,Another creature creator game,"IMO, the most unique part about Spore isn't the evolutionary aspect (there have been games like that in the past, as well as games like that currently in development), or the gameplay, or the vehicle/building creators. No, the thing that sets Spore apart from all the other games I can think of is the creature creator. I can't think of a single game like that, that involves molding a body and adding various parts from a chart and picking various color patterns to create virtually any creature you can imagine. The closest I can think of is the game *Impossible Creatures*, which mainly involves just sticking parts from existing animals together, like a wolf's head on a scorpion. As a creative biology-lover, I really wish someone would try to make a more advanced version of Spore's creature creator, where as well as the creature's appearance, you can also alter its behavior and diet.",1544839935
a6uikq,Scooby-Doo Detective RPG.,"Sizeable open world. Character-based RPG and dialogue trees with important decision making. There would be loads of minor side-missions that act as the episodic version, while the main quest would be more akin to an entire movie of content. It would be set in the Scooby-Doo universe and could explore more of the sinister elements of the fiction (see: Scooby-Doo: On Zombie Island). It would have Witcher/Batman style detective work while also having a much heavier focus on puzzles as opposed to direct combat (LA Noire?). I grew up watching some of the older Scooby-Doo series and it is still to this day my favorite animation. I'm surprised nobody else has brought something like this up.",1545005788
a678uq,Very specific and currently undoable idea of giant MMO,"**DISCLAIMER:** This might seem like duplicate of my previous posts, however here i will be trying to flesh the idea down to bone. This isn't vague idea, this is instruction for ""perfect"" This is my subjective view of things MMO. TL;DR will be availble at the end. **Required set-up and controls:** Game would use VR Goggles, 2D threadmill, leg and hand trackers. Hand trackers would have to track movement of fingers as well. Game would require connection to server. There are nigh no UI-s and no crafting in its traditional form - you create items by DYIing the hell out of this world. &amp;#x200B; **Servers:** No-one can play this game without connection to servers. They are required to handle physics part of game and host worlds. Servers would need to be basically supercomputers. &amp;#x200B; **Gameplay** (along with tutorial)**:** Everything can be destroyed. You see this plant? There is a way for you to harvest it. even grass. You can just grab individual tufts and throw them in bag that you made, or get an animal-drawn mower. Possibilities are endless. GUI are in small amounts. First you'd have to choose server. After that you can see the ""core planet"". It's the planet on which you'll be able to safely breathe. you have to choose approximate landing site. Exact landing location would make sure that you land no closer than 50 meters from place another player was in during past hour, so you can think of it as players leaving ""no land zone"" that degrades after an hour. Upon landing your pod will kick you out, leave small crate and disintegrate itself. The crate would have hinges, in it there would be some knife, bag and a small hatchet. All of those tools would be very weak material, however crate would be undestructible. You can get it out of existence by press of set key on your controller. Same key will bring it back. This is your persistent storage. No force except that of yours applies to crate doors, not even the gravity. Keep your valuables there, you can always recall it. Materials always behave same if subject to same conditions. There would also be some fantasy stuff, but it would follow strict laws. Magical items would be divided in four types: activators, active compounds, upgraders and containers. Activators have few subtypes: hit activator - activates compund only if it is smashed against it, touchstone - activates compund if it touches the compound, and proximity activator - activates compound. Compounds are what gives the function to the magic. Some of them use up power some collect it and some just modify workings of other. For example one of them would make fire and other one would direct it. Power is just temperature, so you have to balance use of it so you don't scorch or freeze your spell-wielding creation. Upgrader can upgrade activator or compund to next level if melted together. Activator of level n can activate compound of level &lt;=n, compounds of higher levels are more effective. Upgraders can upgrade only from certain level to certain level. Containers have extremely high specific heat so they work as batteries. After death you have to take a brake for 20 hours from playing on this server (so if you have strict playtime you don't lose whole next day if you die towards end of your session, however the time may be adjusted by server owner, that's just standard) so getting surgeries is beneficial to the player in the way that he can come back to play later. If player quits while his character is wounded healing processes will slow down, and character won't dissapear as usually. However, character doesn't get hungry nor thirsty during healing if offline, and after full healing character just lays there until player relogs. When player quits game his character *ascends* and then bubbles himself out of existence, unless he bumps into something. Bubbling is fine tuned to keep equipment on player and not destroy surroundings. **Worlds:** Most worlds would use genetic algorithms to make life. Some could even simulate plate tectonics. Worlds would come in few tastes. The basic ones would be: * Basically Earth - pretty normal. Has real life vegetation, fauna and geography * The two lands - Has mostly landmasses, with a lot of small lakes. There are numerous interconnected caverns full of hot air and cold walls, so there can be creatures developed there. The caverns would be full of poisonous gases, so players wouldn't be able to traverse them. **Modes of selling:** Game would be sold in three sets: Standard edition, Lifetime server edition, Lifetime server and assistant. Server managment is hard, that's why there is set with assistant. Assistant would be paid for serving others with help on tuning server to desired parameters. There would be free ""Server assistant"" app that would allow users to help server owner with managing server. Access for the assistant would be revoked if it was not extended for ten minutes or if password wielder decided to revoke it instantly. Password wielder would have final say about if the modifications get implemented or thrashed. It is basically creating separate folder that doesn't auto-overwrite the original server. &amp;#x200B; **TL;DR:** It's VR game with 2D threadmill, finger and leg tracking. You craft stuff by using your skill not some artificial skill points and no crafting GUIs, players get few weak tools and persistent storage at first and can build up on it. You can have your own server and all life can be evolved on the server. You have to try keeping yourself alive if you want to bingeplay. There is magic but it's more of alchemy and yes you can airdrop magical flaming bombs from diesel powered plane. Also you need to connect on server cuz it needs f\*cking supercomputer to run.",1544810863
a6bizg,An IRL horror puzzle mystery.,"You are the security guard (five nights at freddies or nighttrap style gameplay) at a location where gunmen have entered the premises. You have to figure out what is occurring using your limited views and hoping you find the right camera when you hear a ""commotion"". You also have choices with regards to locking doors, say due to a fire escape policy, that if you close a door another will open. So you much make choices about the victims of the gunmen or if you take too long to choose which door you lock... the gunmen kill both rooms. It's basically a FNAF game with ethics problems like the trolley problem in them and the difficulty of trying to keep yourself and others alive while figuring out the mystery. Maybe you could also give limited control over the people and a way to tell them how to get out, but give us problems like misinforming one group so they serve as a distraction for a much larger group to escape. Maybe the smaller group has younger people or kids in it and might make you choose the older group based on a value judgement. ",1544841645
a6b3d6,Fantasy Themed Village/City Builder,"I'm imagining a game where you are the mayor/lord/elder of a small fantasy village. Over time you can add new buildings/upgrades, which attracts more people and allows your village to get bigger and bigger (maybe eventully becoming a full blown city). You have to deal with problems such as monsters and bandits, plagues, famine, etc. Maybe have wandering adventurers come through town every now and then who will do quests for you. And you have to manage the town's resources such as gold/food/people to maximize the prosperity of your village. If something like this already exists, please point me to it!",1544837970
a7k29k,Dragon Quest Role-Playing Game With Party of Demi-Monsters (Very Long!),"Elevator Pitch: A game where your four party members are part-monster. The game will try to stray away from more political topics but will have some darker material due to the fact that without it things would get stale. &amp;#x200B; Party Members: * Main Character: The main character is part Dragon and has well-rounded stats. His main stats being defense, strength and resistance against various conditions. Was adopted by a family of farmers consisting of a mother left a widow by a dragon and the daughter. He grew very close to the daughter of the family. One day on a trip through the woods your family is attacked by monsters. You transform into a dragon temporarily and manage to defeat the, but your mother is terrified. Later that night you are given a vision stating that a monster among monsters has risen and you must slay it with the help of three companions who are also demi-monsters. You tell your mother and friend about the vision and set out to find the other heroes. In typical Dragon Quest fashion each character will have a series of skills to invest in, the main characters are as follows: Great Shields (dedicated defense but sacrifices attack power in many of it's skills. Such as a skill that maximizes defense for the next few turns but minimizes attack for the same amount. Or possibly a skill that draws the focus of all enemies. Also buffs resistances), Spears (high-single target damage with many skills that pierce through defenses and deal more damage the more buffs an enemy has), Swords (Well-rounded weapon type. Has weaker attack than Spears but provides good utility such as a chance to disarm, counter-attacks after a parry etc.) and finally Drakeblood (this skill tree gives the main character unique magic that scales off of the resistance stat in the form of elemental breath attacks and also breath attack buffs for the party that provide resistance and increased damage dealt with certain elements, a skill that taunts enemies by challenging them and also has skills that can inspire allies) &amp;#x200B; * Second Party Member: This party member is part Minotaur. While he serves purposes other than that he does fill the role. Functions as a thief and lives in a town that values strength above all else. Unlike other towns that would be afraid of him, he is beloved by the town as a celebrity for frequent success in the Tournament of Arms. This is a tournament that values strength, cunning and wisdom as opposed to just physical strength. He acquired his monstrous nature from his father who drunk a magic elixir hearing it would give him the ""Strength of ten bulls."" While he did receive this strength his son was born under the effects of the elixir. Unlike most Minotaur, our second party member is rather weak physically and relies on quick thinking and planning to win the tournaments. To recruit him the main character must beat him in the tournament one-on-one. After witnessing the main character's strength he joins the party hoping to grow stronger and smarter to one day reign as the supreme champion of the world. Signature skills include debuffs such as tremors that cause knockdown, swiping loot to forge new weapons and armors and poisons to increase damage. He can assume his Minotaur form for higher damage for a limited time although it charges very slowly making him more of a burst damage character. Skill trees include Daggers (good damage and can be dual-wielded to increase damage. Has many skills that work when surprising enemies and deal fantastic damage but only under certain conditions and with high MP Cost), Unarmed (provides good damage although not spectacular. It does however give a lot of essential thief skills such as a steal skill, disarm enemies on dodges and even a stun skill), Poison (has many skills that allow him to debuff enemies. Gives a skill that adds poisons to crafting list which can be applied to only his weapons. Also allows him to swipe components in addition to normal loot from enemies) and Taurus (which gives him a transformation which allows incredible damage by increasing his attack and dexterity for a short time. Similar to the Morph command from FFVI it recharges based on turns used without it in effect. Meaning it is useful in a pinch but must be used sparingly. Also gives stat buffs and skills for dodging and parrying along with counterattacks should he perform any of those). &amp;#x200B; * Third Party Member: A dancer who works as an circus performer and bard. She is part slime and uses it to change her shape and work miracles of costume design for her shows. She will not be purely a sex appeal character like Jessica Albert in DQVIII. She will have a very developed personality to complement her good looks. She will be made to be very attractive however as it works with her themes of seduction and manipulation. Her introductory arc will involve her Cirque being attacked by a monster that steals an heirloom of her's. The Cirque hires the two adventurers acquired thus far to retrieve the heirloom and slay the monster. The soon to be third party member will tag along to make sure the heirloom is returned properly. After retrieving the heirloom the third party member's arc will conclude with her joining the party. Her skills include wands (increase damage dealt with specific elements and also give various skills to affect magic such as a reflect skill, elemental bane skills that lower resistance to certain elements), Boomerangs (which deal pitiful damage and scale of of strength but cause a multitude of status affects such as dizzy and stun), her final skill tree is Queen Slime (which increases magic damage dealt, gives stances that raise physical defense at the cost of magical and vice-versa, and also a queen slime skill that maximises magical damage at the cost of minimizing both defense stats, magical and physical, and also the resistance stat will get a capskill called Slimegeddon which can only be used in Slime Queen form, and expends all magic to deal 1.5x the MP expended as unavoidable damage). &amp;#x200B; * The fourth and final party member is the cleric. He is a clergyman who was turned into a vampire to save his life by a visitor to his church. He leaves his church to find the vampire who turned him and also assist in the hero's quest. His initial arc revolves around the church suspecting a vampire in their midst which the party is sent to various spooky (and haunted!) crypts to root out the supposed bloodsucker. The party fights multiple undead that the church thinks to be vampires before the fourth party member tells them the truth. He leaves the church with the party not because of any hostile action with the church but just because he doesn't want to cause any trouble. Due to the predatory nature of vampires he carries a holy locket left to him by the woman who turned him which staves off his hunger. He states that the church is just afraid of something they've never seen and without that amulet he could very well be the monster they claim him to be. He is the healer of the group and his skill trees consist of Wands ( unlike the third party member his skills prioritize healing and dispelling debuffs. He also gains a skill that can turn undead which causes them to flee and still yield experience points. He also gains skills for reviving the dead which are featured in many jokes about how he can't revive himself to cure himself of vampirism), Instruments (which provide many skills that buff the party, debuff enemies and enhance healing given), and his final skill Humanity (due to Vampirism being actually evil the nature of this skill tree is reducing status affects which disable your healer such as silence, wound and eventually Doom. One skill I plan to include is a skill that inSome other feature of this skill tree include typical vampire abilities such as sleep, confusion along with a transformation that increases the power of debuffs and also your dodge chance for a short time. Game Mechanics: Much of the gameplay inspirations for this game come from a PS2 title called Wild Arms 3. A forgettable, poorly crafted JRPG with an outstanding combat system. Most notable here is the way the game handles your party speed. The game gives you many a meta strategy to outwit your enemy and specifically plays against certain strategies. I wanted to capture something similar here with your party speed. Since your mage actually works somewhat different from typical mages and takes more magic damage than physical and changing stance to adapt to what the enemy is using, many dungeons designed to be difficult will take advantage of things like this by using your party speed. Such as a damaging mage enemy being made to move between your mage character and your main character who move last in the turn order (who move first in the party order). &amp;#x200B; Another interesting party mechanic are the transformations. Your main character can burn his MP like a battery to transform into his Dragonborn form. This gives tremendous buffs to his physical defense, magical defense, general resistances, and strength stats. These transformations are powerful to say the least. I plan to balance this by making the SP and Healing items finite meaning you can't just buy ethers and potions to cheat through a boss fight. That was another interesting mechanic in Wild Arms 3 that made the difficulty much more interesting until the later game where nearly nothing could kill you. Many enemies will actually be designed to counter these transformations in a way. Your priest becomes very weak to light damage in his awakened form. As such many enemies with light type spells will go specifically for him if he pops this willy nilly. What I was thinking of was having these transformations be more like the Pepped Up/In The Zone from Dragon Quest XI or Trance from Final Fantasy IX. They activate after being damaged enough times and afford combinations skills based on the users of these skills. Which brings me on to my next topic &amp;#x200B; Team Skills: These have always been a favorite of mine. From the fusion skills of Persona and Pep/Zone Skills from Dragon Quest XI. Being the rarities they are many of them bring a unique spice to combat which would usually be just repeating the usual skills until the enemy ""faints"" as is the case in Pokemon. I'd like them to be diverse and possibly situational. Obviously a skill that deals fire damage would be much weaker on a fire dragon and this metagame of knowledge and enemy types would work wonders for forcing players to switch up their strategies. In my opinion you should always throw a wrench in the party's strategies so they are forced to come up with new ones and adapt. &amp;#x200B; Stats: Of course none of this would make sense without a general stat spread for the party members. A ""0"" in a stat is average where a higher number is excellent. Negative numbers represent poor skills such as the Mage's magical resistance. &amp;#x200B; ||HP|Strength|Physical Defense|Magical Defense|Resistance|Magic|Speed|Luck| |:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-| |Dragon|2|1.5|2|2|1|0|0|\-2| |Minotaur|0|0|\-1.5|\-1.5|\-1|0|2|1.5| |Slime|\-1|\-2|\-1|\-2|\-1|3|1|3| |Vampire|0|0|\-1|\-1|1|3|3|\-2| &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; Let me know what I could do to make this idea better!",1545202690
a7zquu,Bushido Baseball,"In Medieval Japan, warrior clans compete in a baseball tournament to decide the next shogun. The game is like old school SNES baseball, specifically Dolucky's Kusa Yakyu, only the pitcher throws a ninja star or throwing knife instead of a ball, and all players have swords. A perfect pitch can kill the batter, and the pitch can be deflected just right to kill the pitcher. Outfielders can rush and attempt to kill the batter, who is only ""safe"" while touching a base. The batting and combat come from Bushido Blade, specifically deflecting projectile weapon attacks with your sword and running around the map one-hit killing ninjas. Players would belong to one of four classes; samurai, ninja, geisha, or kunoichi; each class having its own skill tree like in Diablo II. I see the graphics as low-poly 3D with fixed camera angles and pixel art style. Story/lore would be reminiscent of Blood Bowl, told through color commentary and one or more cut scenes. Overall ""feel"" of the game would be like a Medieval Japan baseball version of Mutant League Football with added RPG elements, e.g., level up and skill tree progression.",1545324286
a4xj55,Battle royal set in the sky?,Would anyone here be interested in a battle royal where you’re flying. Not in jets or planes but maybe a broom stick or just flying in general. I was thinking spells instead of guns as weapons. Let me know what you think,1544461870
a4j7hf,Me and my friend are looking for 2d game ideas.,"Hello, EMWP Games here, we are looking fir a simple 2d game idea so that we can srart off smaller and grow to make a huge project that we have planned. So I, Ethan Purdy am here today to ask all of you who are in this group....What would you like to see in a 2d game, make it as complex as you want, and we will make it. We will hold a vote next saturday to decide which idea we would enjoy creating the most. Time to start enjoying the games YOU come up with.",1544341183
a7erqf,Cities in Arms - A competitive civilization sim where a computer manages resources while the player plays from the first person perspective.,"A competitive civilization sim where a computer manages resources while the player plays from the first person perspective. Other npcs would manage the work between all the structures, which would act like drones from a birds eye view, but will also have procedurally generated dialogue and personality types. Quests would also be procedurally generated depending on the npc and their specific needs/occupation. And you could work up through a combination of quests and overall fame within an occupation in order to gain control over specific structures already in use by the simulated community, and get involved in city planning, resource acquisition, warfare, etc., in order to ensure the survival of your sim city over a competing simulated city. This is a game where the player has exactly the same stats as any standard npc, and they pretty much just treat you like one of them. You don't level, you can't get stronger, smarter, or faster. Instead you must rely on the infrastructure of a simulated community, and work with groups of npcs each with specialized tasks and that are able to follow commands in order to build something greater than the sum of its individuals. This game could also be a multiplayer game. And since each side would have dozens or hundreds of npcs, you could feasibly play 1vComputer, 1v1, 5vComputer, 5v5, or 50v50.",1545164225
a6omjx,Squire,"A 2d infinite runner where you are a squire running behind the powerful Knight you serve. Throw him the correct weapons and potions to deal with the enemies and obstacles he encounters. i.e. a shield when he's running towards arches, a warhammer when he's charging an enemy with a shield, or a spear for cavalry. This would work pretty well for IOS as well, controls are minimal and most of the screen could be dedicated to the action.",1544962827
a7g26q,Meme Card Game,"In this hypothetical game, everyone makes their own cards. The cards don't have any stats, instead, they're memes. The goal is to have the funniest cards. There could be something to make sure that there are no identical cards so people don't just use the same few. For now I'll say that a deck has ten cards in it. The game is multiplayer, with either three or five players. We'll assume three for right now. The game plays as follows: 1. Lobby formed. Players have a few seconds to look at the other's decks, to gauge the other's sense of humor. 2. Player 1 and Player 2 each put down a card. Those cards are discarded for the rest of the match. 3. Player 3 votes on which card was funnier. If Player 1's card was funnier- 1 point for Player 1. Same for Player 2. 4. Player 1 and Player 3 play, Player 2 votes. 5. Player 2 and Player 3 play, Player 1 votes. 6. Repeat until everyone is out of cards. Whoever has the most points wins the match. The strategy part of the game comes from trying to gauge the other player's senses of humor to score the most points. Other details: ""Edginess"" classifications might be a good idea. For example, Clean, 13+, 18+, and Too Edgy. There could be a card-trading system. Players pay each other in-game gold for their cards. Since no one card is identical, the good cards would have value. A ranked ladder would help put people with others in their skill level. &amp;#x200B;",1545172258
a87vxp,YouTuber fight sim,"Can we get a Mortal Kombat - Esc game where it's YouTubers. In the story mode you play as MrBeast and try to kill t series, and don't forget Ben Shapiro. (No but in all seriousness can we actually get this)",1545379877
a87qu2,Good boy ... Sheepherding game idea,"Point and click/tap navigating points for dog you control, sort of ping pointing the way he shoud take. After each tap you would hear a whistle, as a traditional command would sound. The aim is to round up the sheep and move them through the field into fenced area. They would have a tendency to stop or split by any obstraction, like rocks or big bushes. The higher the level the more obstacles there will be. At higher levels wolfs will apear who you have to click on and bark till they run. You also get to pet the dog between succesfull level runs.",1545378513
a6xv8n,"Dreamt of playing this game, I want it to be real so much it hurts.","I had a dream of playing this game last night and I cannot get it out of my head. You start out as an evil all powerful overlord who decides to leave the life of darkness and become good. Now, the mechanics of a normal game where you get stronger as you progress was flipped. You start out all powerful and crushing enemies with big strong attacks, but as your character draws their power from evil and darkness, the further they stray from evil the weaker the hero gets. I basically started out crushing enemies easily but, over time, I'd lose height, strength, and armor. Slowly becoming a normal man and having to use quick, evasive, clever tactics to take down these giant beasts I once rivaled. In the end you start to draw power from light and and morality and use it to take down evil for good. There wasn't much storyline other than that but in the dream the game mechanics were so much fun, starting out as a huge powerful behemoth, then having to adapt and switch up your play style as you progressed. I woke up like, I need to play some more, only to realize it was a dream 😫 I know it may seem vague or silly, but it was a dream so don't be too harsh 🤷",1545033655
a5t8vf,Superpower for angel,"Hello. I'm currently working on story for my game. Game will be about angel with visions of future activated by interacting. The more players pass through the map, the more part of the story will appear. They can also change the details of story based on reactions. But there is the problem. Visions of future is good idea (I think), but the game needs another superpower to combine. I would have to avoid the time and kinetic control.",1544705685
a3qvkt,Difficult decisions for my brawler game characters.,"This is for my fighting game brawler and I just need some good tips on which is the best choices for each of the following characters to complete my list. &amp;#x200B; A fat female butcher should be from some altered universe or from some middle of nowhere farmland like Iowa or something? &amp;#x200B; An evil doll should be from some altered world? A Victorian era doll? Or a modern childs playtoy stitched together? &amp;#x200B; A monster hunter girl should be from the past Victorian era with steampunk weapons an crossbow? A modern religious militant serving some high order society with crosses holy water and sword? Or make her from the deep hidden jungles with shamanism magic, amazonian sword an warrior look? &amp;#x200B; A werwolf would be cool if he was a aristocrat from the Victorian era with lycanthropy like the wolf man? Or a modern gentleman that uses genetic engineering for lycanthropy. &amp;#x200B; Thanks everyone. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;",1544121988
a4c32z,Sci-fi FPS,"#Gameplay: 3 classes: Titan- Your hard to kill guy with only short range or Melee weapons Marksman- the guy with all the cool guns and whatnot 3rd class (unnamed)- builder and healer The twist on normal games would be that first it’s sort of like titanfall where exploiting every characters’ insane movement is key to actually not die. Another would be that none of the classes actually fall into a Damage-Tank-Support category. Sure, they all fit very vague archetypes of those but all of them have similar firepower, it just changes where it comes from. Each class has their own unique mega ability (like ultimates or supers, I haven’t come up with a unique name) Titan- You get better speed and way more armour, but your only weapon becomes a massive axe. Marksman- You get a scope on your gun (no normal guns would ever have scopes or an option to zoom in) and no flinching or speed penalty while scoped. Your gun also deals more damage. 3rd class- You get this massive mech that can’t use any of the mobility options but has super high hp and damage. #Story: Following technological advancement, Earth was plunged into a series of resource wars that left the entire planet scarred and barren. The last few survivors use crippled technology from the golden age to fight over what is left (which is where the maps are) Sorry for the rough design when I have time later I’ll polish it and edit it in. ",1544286546
a45yup,"Dream Product: ""Nintendo Motif"" (Not necessarily a game, but close enough)","Yeah, I know this post is useless to game devs, but I just want to get this off my chest since I'm tired of my VGM playlist getting ruined and its videos taken down. Also, I do specify Nintendo music here (because of my predilection), but this could really apply to any company, or all of them. &amp;#x200B; # Introducing Nintendo Motif An application where you can purchase video game playlists to listen to as you please. Spend your money on MotifCredits (say, a dollar for 1000 Credits, or some other highly divisible number), then use these credits to acquire permanent access to any of hundreds of OSTs from Nintendo games of old and new, with new ones being added and made available all the time. (Price varies depending on OST size and age, with newer or iconic ones costing more due to profitability) If you already have a 3DS/Switch games, you acquire free access to the playlists to those games. &amp;#x200B; # Bells and Whistles * You can make custom playlists with as many individual tracks as as you want. You can play the playlist in shuffled mode or syntactically, and you can choose to loop the playlist or not. * You can set a default amount of loops/listen time for every video you add, and manually toggle the amount of loops-listen time per track as you please. Setting options: 1 loop, 2 loops, 3 loops, 3 minutes, 10 minutes, 15 minutes, 30 minutes, instantly end track once it finishes, slowly transition out of track once it finishes. * Some iconic songs would get remixes that you can buy for some more MotifCredits. Some examples of remixes are True 8-bit, Stylish 8-bit, A Capella, Orchestrated/Modernized, different soundfont, Techno, Jazzy, etc. * For a chunk of MotifCredits, you unlock the remixer tool. You can use your creativity to make reinstrumentations and remixes of songs in an editor of a complexity similar to WarioWare D.I.Y.'s, except you have more tracks, a time signature, and can choose how long notes last. You can use these songs in your playlists and share them with others that purchased the original song. &amp;#x200B; # QNA ""But Smash Bros. Ultimate already has a feature like this."" Yeah. It does. Which makes me sad, since it prolongs the time until Nintendo makes a fully-fledged product/shop like this. I'm talkin' about a HUGE collection of entire video game OSTs, rather than quite a few hand-picked iconic songs and remixes. &amp;#x200B; ""But I can just listen to these songs on YouTube."" Yeah. Which is illegal and unreliable. Nintendo should just further prioritize taking those videos down once this market is released. Maybe they could make a deal with YouTube to improve their copyright detection algorithm on these videos.",1544229521
a4r8nq,"Game where the music is chronologically and alphabetically in sync, so you can experience an alphabetized playlist like you're playing the game!","Example: Title screen theme starts with the letter A (""An Adventure Begins"") File select theme starts with the letter B (""Before that, however..."") Opening cutscene theme starts with C (""Current Doom"") Hub town theme starts with D (""Delightful City"") First area theme starts with E (""Elegant Plains"") ... etc., up the the post-credits theme starting with Z (""Zany Memories"")",1544407461
a4glzq,Donald's bad day.,"I was watching some old Donald Duck cartoons with my kids yesterday, and literally everything in life seems to exist to make that duck miserable. Like he was trying to fill a bucket a water, and the water was doing everything it could to miss the bucket, or hit him in the face, etc. It gave me an idea for a game where you play as this invisible force just fucking with Donald Duck's life. If he tries to sit down, you pull the chair out. If he drives you blow his tire. Its kind of like hitman but your not killing him. Each level is Donald setting out to perform mundane tasks, and your scored based on how infuriated he is by the end. Obviously Donald is copyright, but i love his flailing amd noises he makes when he gets really angry. If not Donald then and sentient Duck will do, but it needs a similar angry flail.",1544317747
a4frrl,Game dev looking for ideas for a game. Combinatiok of LOL WOW Dota type of game with Hearthstone type of game,"So im a young game dev looking for a challenge. I want to create a game that have aspects of a MOBA and card game. Something like: u start a game with 3(more or less) champions that you control. They are like turrets cant move unless you use a card but you can equip them with weapons spells etc. So the basic idea is to make something like a chess field and to put places for cards instead of the actual chess figures, just leave those 3 champs in the middle. The goal is ofc,to win against your opponent in a way thar you combine your champion with cards that you got in your deck. So for example both of then have 30 cards (10 for each champ) and maybe 10 extra (minions specials etc) then every turn u get a move card, which can move your figure/champ by one spot. You also get mana(or gold or something) to spend on placing cards. So you can Attack once with a champion every turn and you can attach different weapons on him (different for types like mage assasin warrior). The winner is the one that gets health of the opponent on 0 or less. I planned to make everythibg skill shot based (dont have a clue how to do that with static champs maybe i would put something that moves??) and every card can influence only a bit of the game (on the beginning) later ofc more mana means more powerful cards. I got this idea while i was playing LOL and when i realised how stupid the game is now, you cant fo anything if you dont pick the 20 most frequent champs, last 3 are pure oneclick cancer, and i wanted to bring back old strategy with new concepts. I hope u like the idea and I hope that u will have some ideas for me! Im also planning, if everything works out good, to make it AR conpatible so yoz can play it on the table with your friends(or even VR where you look trough the champions eyes). The game is planned to be a singleplayer with a multiplayer edition for teams and solo. Any comment good or bad is welcome! Sorry for typos im writing in dark on a mobile. Thanks in advance! ",1544311383
a2h6pc,An idea when it comes to a Team-Based MP game,"When it comes to team-based MP games, the factions are either Red vs Blue (I.E. Halo &amp; TF2) or Factions based on the map (I.E. MW2 &amp; Battlefield), but I feel that's kinda boring. I thought of a more unique means of deciding teams. This system would see the two (or more) teams vote on their team prior to the match in a multi-step process. Though these would be fairly quick (each step would take a max of 10-15 seconds), they can be skipped if the majority agrees. If skipped, the teams will be randomly generated. Players can also vote on whether or not if they want to reuse the team names from the lobby's last game. #[Step 1: Team Color] Teams will vote on their team's color, there will be 12 colors to choose from. Colors would be... - Red - Blue - Green - Yellow - Orange - Purple - Cyan/Teal - Pink - Brown - White - Black - Gray If both teams' majority votes on the same color, it will go to the team who had the more votes with the other team's color being the 2nd most voted. If still a tie, it will be randomly decided. #[Step 2: Category] With the teams now decided on a color, all players will vote together on the theme of the team names/logos. The 6 categories are... - Animals - Cryptids &amp; Mythology - Space - Gems &amp; Crystals - Faction Types - Titles If the majority is a tie, it will be decided by those who didn't vote for either majority. If still a tie, it will be randomly decided. #[Step 3: Alias] The final step will have the teams decide on the name based on the category. Each category has 12 aliases... [Animals] - Tigers - Apes - Falcons - Hammerheads - Lizards - Vipers - Hornets - Wolves - Mustangs - Beetles - Squids - Spiders [Cryptids &amp; Mythology] - Yetis - Mothmen - Kraken - Werewolves - Vampires - Chimeras - Manticores - Nightcrawlers - Kodamas - Hellhounds - Zombies - Ghosts [Space] - Moons - Quasars - Stars - Dwarfs - Orbiters - Meteors - Galaxies - Stars - Novas - Holes (as in Black Holes) - Comets - Nebulae [Gems &amp; Crystals] - Rubies - Sapphires - Emeralds - Amethysts - Garnets - Diamonds - Quartz - Topazes - Spinels - Peridots - Jades - Ambers [Faction Types] - Rebels - Mercs - Extremists - Militia - Syndicate - Conscripts - Army - Special Forces - Operatives - Corps - Company - Agents [Titles] - Mavericks - Rookies - Experts - Elites - Champions - All-Stars - Defenders - Vagabonds - Wildcards - Immortals - Warriors - Zealots Just like with colors, if both teams' majority votes on the same alias, it will go to the team who had the more votes with the other team's alias being the 2nd most voted. If still a tie, it will be randomly decided. Though it may seem like a long process, this should take like around 60-90 seconds. It's meant to be quick, and meant to give a bit more personalization to the players. What do you guys think of something like this? (And yes, I was thinking of ""Legends of The Hidden Temple"" when I thought of this)",1543784160
a1yoya,A shopping robbing game coop,"This is a game where you are put into a giant store like Walmart. You walk around and try to steal stuff from that store. If someone sees you, you will get the guards called on you and you have to steal clothes to disguise yourself. The 2nd person playing will have to collect all the things and return it to the car. You can also get guards called on you if you look suspicious.You lose if you get caught. Tell me what you think ",1543628361
a0rqv9,Dystopian shooter masquerading as an animal crossing clone,"Hey, all! Created a Reddit account just to post this! &amp;#x200B; This is a bit of a weird idea, and I'm not entirely sure how it might turn out, but I was thinking of one of those games that are pretending to be one thing but are actually another, similar to Doki Doki Literature Club, for example. &amp;#x200B; The basic idea is that the game is supposed to be a first-person shooter in the vein of Half-Life. A global oppressive government exists and is ruling humanity with an iron fist, and it's up to some nerd with a gun to overthrow them by shooting everybody to death. Somehow, not quite certain, the guys up top have figured out that the player character is coming and that there is no possible way they can stop him. So instead, they decide to pacify him. Before the story can get a move on, they shuttle the player character off to a Truman Show-like town off in the wilderness and decide to convince the player that they are NOT playing a violent first-person shooter, but a social building game similar to Animal Crossing or Harvest Moon. They send clever actors and brainwashed citizens to work a quirky cast and convince the player to build them homes, plant them food and make friends with them. They set up arbitrary barriers around the town to keep the player contained and do everything possible to keep them from any form of violence at all. No weapons, no sharp tools, vegetarian diets, all that sort of thing. The player must be kept docile and compliant. He must continue to build homes. He might even be useful to the continued oppression of humanity beyond the borders of the town, especially if they take up manufacturing or something like that. The thing is, the player will continue to advance and push the boundaries of what they're allowed to do. With each new discovery the government has to scramble to cover up holes and keep up appearances. From the player's perspective, they're playing a game with an odd sense of humor that capitalizes on the dissonance between setting and gameplay, but as they progress things start to feel out of place and the disconnect becomes harder and harder to rationalize. I'm not entirely sure how this might climax or what the player might do after the big reveal, but I think it'd be a fun mystery and have a lot of room for commentary, humor or whatever else the developer might want to throw in there. There really isn't that much more to it, but I feel like with a bit of refinement I may be on to something. Tell me what you think!",1543295908
a0rs2o,Comedy based first-person hack-n-slash RPG,"Comedy based first-person hack-n-slash RPG &amp;#x200B; Basically, it's a normal RPG with adventuring, questing, looting, and sales, with a bit of a twist. Your skills don't start out at level 1. Every skill should have major drawbacks at low levels, but there should be no level requirement for use. &amp;#x200B; Swordsmanship, for example can have you knocking things over, randomly, and the level of the sword impacts it. You'll end up dropping your weapon, or swinging it, only to let it slip out of your hands, directly above you, forcing you to dodge. That can kill you, your enemy, or some poor fool who walked in at the wrong time. The higher the level of the sword, the heavier/bigger it should be. At lower skill levels, it will slow you down while sheathed, slow you even worse when it isn't, as it will be dragging behind you, and you'll be slowly, awkwardly swinging it at enemies. &amp;#x200B; Low armor skill should have the same effect of encumbrance. It should slow you, or even cause you to fall over from time to time, and bump into people, and things, knocking them over. &amp;#x200B; Magic should sputter and die if the spell is low enough in level. Higher levels can be truly devastating, but it's effects should be based on that spell. Failing to cast a healing spell, for example, could poison everyone around you, or literally wake the dead. A fireball spell can sputter out, fly in a random direction, send a healing spell at your enemy (who should thank you for the good deed), or blast a crater around you. &amp;#x200B; Thievery is the one that got me laughing at this idea. Imagine pick-pocketing someone in a crowded bar... ""aaAAACHOOOoo!!"" And the entire bar suddenly notices you, and tries to apprehend you. Burglary can have you falling out windows, falling in through windows,... onto formerly sleeping people... or stepping on a cat's tail, and alerting the neighborhood. &amp;#x200B; Crafting should give you some useless items in the beginning, and some slightly dangerous, but useful items as you go, like a chair for your base, that can fall apart as you sit. &amp;#x200B; Do I even have to mention the side effects of crappy alchemy skills? I'm thinking poisons, burping potions, random twitches, and poisonous, or lethal gas, which effects anyone too close... lol &amp;#x200B; Smithing might be funny... besides hitting your hand with the hammer, you could end up with a crooked sword, or something. &amp;#x200B; Of course, this isn't how the entire game should be played, just as you are at lower levels. What would also be interesting is if those around you, enemies included, had varying skill levels, with the same drawbacks, as well.",1543296175
a0f5yz,Need Idea for a small FPS horror game aboard an abandoned moon base,Need a small idea. Thanks!,1543199599
a0ky49,[Silly Fighting game] Receipt Battle! The final boss is a CVS receipt but you must battle through equally long receipts to get to him.,My local grocery chain is notorious for long receipts along with Walgreens and many other businesses. ,1543250508
a05zol,"One-Shot Man: A solo shooter where your gun can one-shot kill anyone, but, if you miss any shot, you die.","On the walls, there would be a lot of ""objects"" that, when shot, would break and count as hit targets, so they wouldn't kill you. These objects would be decreased in quantity to increase the difficulty of some areas. IDK whether this should be 3D or 2D. Also, this isn't an online multiplayer game. It might work good as an endless arcade game (with power-ups?). &amp;#x200B; To make the basic concept of this game would be Beginner difficulty to make, but to make complex enough A.I.and level design for the game to be fun would be Moderate difficulty.",1543123883
a0s5zg,An open world game that has terrarin desturction feture that changes what it looks on the map.,It`s called Minecraft.,1543299401
a0szpi,"A (mobile?) auction game with many collectables, infinite replayability, and all mind games.","I've never seen an auction mobile game before but, now that I think about it, one probably exists somewhere. Forgive me. Anyway, this would be one of those mindless mobile games, but it's just something I want to exist. The gameplay is simple: You get matched with 3 other players, and your goal is to bid the most amount of money to win the collectable everyone else is bidding for, as with real life auctions. The beauty comes with the amount of different match ups you can have: You be fighting for limited time, limited supply, or otherwise rate collectables. You could be in an auctional bidding or in a sealed envelope bidding (which is where each player puts in a number to bid once, and no one can see each other's biddings). The winner is randomly chosen to pay the first, second, third, or fourth highest biddings, or maybe all players have to pay what they bid regardless of whether they win or not. Each bid could come with a randomized fine, encouraging you to bid less often and more meaningfully. Imagine multiplying these different factors togehter. Do the math, and there's endless possibilities. Also factor in that everyone will view the collectable at stake at different perspective, such as whether or not they have it, or whether or not they need it to complete a set, for example. This will change their bidding tactics.",1543307371
a0i5gu,How to make two fire theme characters different from eachother,"I'm working on a brawler multiplayer game and I have two character ideas but they both use the element of fire. One is a female fire dancing acrobat and the other is a male firefighter covered in flames. Since I want each character and their powers to be unique, how could I make sense of them being different uses with fire?",1543226360
9vwwq8,Twin Peaks/X-Files/Stranger Things inspired 2D action adventure game.,"I'd really like to see a game that really captures that Lynchian ""wind in the trees"" type thing really well. Seeing as *Twin Peaks* and the *X-Files* are so rooted in the 90s, I'm picturing a top down 2-D game along the lines of *A Link to the Past* and *Link's Awakening* in particular. There'd definitely be a lot inspired by the light world/dark world part of the story in the former, as that sort of thing plays in heavily in both *Twin Peaks* and *Stranger Things*. Graphics would be 8-bit/16 bit pixel style, and there'd be a lot of dark backgrounds. You'd find yourselves in the sort of locations they have in those shows. The woods, for ones, strange diners, dream worlds and secret governtment installations, among other things. Much like the Zelda games, there'd be an overworld, a town, and ""dungeons"" as levels. Another big inspiration here would be the James Bond game for the Game Boy. It's how I picture some of the look and a lot of the gameplay. There's a lot of trading, catacombs/secret passages in weird places, and quirky NPCs. You don't really shoot or kill very much in that game as you think you would, which would be something going on here as well. Thie big takeaway from the Bond game here, though, is that you're a little dark haired guy in a suit navigating around weird forests and stuff in the first few levels. Hell, that exact same sprite could just as well be Dale Cooper or Fox Mulder as it could be James Bond. This game would definitely have a darker, moodier and more eerie tone than that though. A lot of it would be pretty cryptic. There'd be combat, sure, but it wouldn't be constant hack and slash or shoot em' up. You'd only come across enemies every once and a while, and you'd really have to think about how to deal with them. Some of them, you wouldn't even kill, you'd have to lure them into pits or chase them away. For the plot, you'd have to rescue a child or teenager trapped in another reality. ",1541876795
a0px4s,Reverse grip swordsmen?,"Hey everyone, I was thinking about a swordsmen with a reverse grip style in a jrpg, how would that work in terms of skills?",1543282266
a169hv,Duorider - Assymetrical multiplayer game that plays like line rider,"Hi! I am developing several game prototypes right now. One of them is Duorider, a concept game where two players work together, but they have completely different control schemes: One player draws lines, and the other player controls a bike that can ride over those lines. I already have a video of [the gameplay concept here.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ekm-4hWt_jw) What do you think? Also, if you want to help me test this game concept, let me know!",1543412242
a1a8zo,Survival escape game,Story You play as Sabrina a 19 year old girl who gets money by meeting guys and getting them to take her to their house for sex. Instead she drugs them and steals their stuff. She meets one guy and gets him to take her to his house but she soon realizes he is crazy. He is planning on killing her. Gameplay You must find a way out of the house. You run around looking for keys and hidden paths. Avoid the crazy guy and solve puzzles. You need to pay attention to the puzzles or you may flip a wrong switch or hit a wrong button and get a spike through the head or some other gruesome death. That's my idea. Tell me what you think and if you have any ideas to make it better.,1543438537
a254vd,"There needs to be a survival game where it’s pretty much the story of 'Cast Away', you can make clay refinery’s and stuff like that, and it’s also multiplayer with a complex but also simple building system.",,1543686891
a25gah,A Hunger Games Twitch Collab,"I was recently re-reading my favorite book series of all time while watching some esports on twitch in the background and came up with something that I think would be very fun. The game would be a hunger games multiplayer game, with 24 different people on different devices stationed outside the cornucopia until a countdown leads them into a massive killing spree that lasts until there is one survivor. The part that's different about this though, is that there's actually a gamemaker controlling things for his captive twitch audience, and making different events happen to keep things interesting. The watchers could also buy sponsors with bits (Twitch's Currency), making it interactive. Why not even add the stuff before the game like in the books, and let them have an interview, and design outfits to display to the watchers? The possibilities are endless. Let me know what you think :)",1543689011
a2aeen,Any body else miss Robin Williams. A game where he is the bad guy. And so much more..,"I've changed the order of things involving your spiritual nature, no ego meditate and pray to Robin Williams ascended self. We all truly exist eternally. Ps take the white font from Lord Kekian. I am gifting creator keys and scrolls for all ascended souls just pray today to the hope of light shining in the darkness. True nature of human spiritual sciences school or what fills your own mind. Lurid-Father-Mother-Hope-Agape-Angel-Beast-Man-Peaceful-Justice-Power Of you don't believe me ask with out a mouth, close eyes look up a bit Father or Mother?",1543725722
a2t0tn,"Would you listen to live in-game radio stations, hosted by community broadcasters delivering game-specific content?","I want to launch a platform that allows users to broadcast radio shows live and in-game, with shows tailored to specific games and game worlds. I'm looking for some feedback on this idea. Thanks!",1543871247
9yymwe,A racer based in the United States,"I know this might sound boring but hear me out. This game would be the exact US with every road and thing. To keep it fun, it will be 50 player multiplayer, and with random races in random states popping up. Tell me what you think.",1542764266
9z2bu9,An anime RPG (eg. a Bleach RPG),"My idea about this is basically a video game of the Bleach Universe, however, instead of the usual fighter style games like Heat the Soul, Tekken ect. It's a video game with a gameplay similar to that of something like Skyrim or Dark Souls. The player would take on the role of Ichigo and is able to explore Karakura Town, Soul Society and Hueco mundo. Following the story of the Manga by Tite Kubo, including the Thousand Year Blood War. It would include a proper more fluid form of a battle system, that would make the fight seem more realistic, like instead of having a character attack and the opponent is just hit, the opponent would defend and parry or something. Look for all you haters of this idea, I just came up with it on the spot. Or even a DBZ game like this or a Naruto game.",1542798740
9zcpn5,Ideas to improve my game.,"Indie developer here. I make games for fun. Last game I made has been performing poorly on Google playstore, but that's not an issue. I can survive without it being famous. The thing is I've spent last 30 days developing it from scratch. I just want it to be good. So, I'm looking for ideas to improve the game. Anything specific that should be added to the game to make it more appealing. It would help me in my game making process and overall to interact with my audience. Here's the link to the game: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.TimePassGames.WordManiaBrainTrainer",1542879396
a2lrd2,Young programmer looks for ideas.,I have been working in unity for a couple of months and have programmed in Java for a couple of years and trying to build a nice polished game for college applications. I have built a bunch of games in Java and in unity 3D but I always realize I am out of my league. I am open to any game ideas that you think would be impressive but at the same time something would not take a year to do or a team of developers. Thank you in advance!!,1543816268
a26ni8,Has anyone got good ideas for a 1v1 game?,"Whats up, Im looking for good ideas for a 1v1 game, i made the rank system and multiplayer already i just need good ideas for the game. &amp;#x200B; Feel free to add your ideas to the comments",1543697246
a2y2pa,Retro Computer Company Game,"I had this idea for a game, set in the early days of computers when they could be assembled mostly by hand. Think Apple II era 8-bit computers. In the game, you design your own computers to sell, while managing the type of chips and other components you use. You would have to choose between higher quality components at a higher price vs. lower quality and priced components. Obviously, this would need to be balanced so there's some benefit to using the better parts, like a lower failure rate etc. &amp;#x200B; The game would start out in your garage, with only basic tools like a soldering iron, and you would assemble the computers by hand before you can afford to hire more employees. You have a variety of chips (memory, processors), capacitors, etc, and you can spec out the computers as you please, while being mindful of the demands in the market and what your competitors are doing. &amp;#x200B; For the actual assembly, I had in mind a system that gives you a blank circuit board, and you place chips on the board and they snap into place, then you can solder them on. The placement of the components can give different results, like better or worse speed, overall size, power consumption, etc. &amp;#x200B; These are basically the ideas I came up with for now, but I'm not sure how the game would progress later in the game. Would it change to be more of a tycoon game? Would it be adequate to just have the basic assembly idea be the whole game? Is this even a good idea? &amp;#x200B; Let me know what you think :)",1543904739
a2vy8s,VR Experience based on Lawnchair Larry,"I'd like to play a vr experience of this [flight](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lawnchair_Larry_flight) You start going up in the chair and see some amazing views of the scenery. Then you can shoot the balloons with a BB gun to start descending. Maybe you can steer depending on which balloons you pop. Not a full game, just a cook vr experience. Way beyond my coding ability, maybe someone else can take a shot at it?",1543889314
a37756,Warhammer Fantasy/Chivalry: Medieval Warfare/Star Wars Battlefront,,1543972621
a3a9xu,Runic magic ?,"I'm curious about runes and currently diving into it . Does it make a good idea for a hard magic system for a top down rpg? I'm currently making a prototype for a generic top down rpg zelda style. just for the minimum product. while google diving at work , I came across about runes , and I think it looks like a neat idea for an RPG.",1543996830
9yl07b,Murder Town,9 players in total. One Hunter. 8 survivors. The game takes place in a neighborhood known for killings. All survivors have 30 seconds to gather items in their home. They can also stop by small convenience stores to search for items too. Each survivor has a class. Medics start with healing items. Supports start with shields etc. Assaults start with weapons. Scouts start with bear traps. The survivors must find a battery and 2 gallons of fuel and also car keys to escape. They have to locate a car and get it in. The driver has to drive to the gates. There's only two cars. You have to spend 20 seconds opening the gate. Then its open for only 20 seconds and the survivors must escape. The hunters find multiple weapons and gear items to split their prey up. They can sabotage fuel and batteries. The hunter deals 10-30% damage depending on their weapon. Each survivor has 100% HP and can be healed by the medics. If a is killed they can spectate. The graphics are pixely but the environment is a bit more detailed. If the hunter kills 3 or more survivors they win. If the survivor survives they win. ,1542661856
a1ylan,I've had this Lord of the Rings game idea for a long time now.,I'm a big fan of the Shadow of Mordor/War series. What if there was a game where you played Gandalf in a 3rd person game like this and you played through his adventures through Middle Earth or maybe even beyond. I find Gandalf really interesting and I wish his stories were explored more.,1543627532
a1vtax,"A planet colonization game, but with the entire Sol System","There are a good chunk of planet colonization games. We have Anno 2205, Planetbase, and Surviving Mars. Though these games are very good, I feel there's a lot of planets in our system that are typically ignored in gaming. So what if instead of a planet colonization game focusing on a selection of planets, how about all the planets? Basically, this game will allow the player to setup colonies on other planets, other moons, and even dwarf planets. Want to build a colony on Ceres or Charon? Go for it! Wanna make a colony ""on"" Neptune or Saturn? Sure! Wanna send people to Io or Venus on a potential suicide mission? Why not! Of course, our planets are fairly diverse. As such, each planet will have varying difficulties and would focus on given elements. Here are some examples. - Mercury for example is a very temperature extreme planet, so it's important to focus on thermal control as a whole. - Planets like Venus would require a focus on just cooling down your colony whilst planets like Triton or Titan would focus on heating. - Gas planets don't have a proper surface, so colonies will play differently since they would basically be low orbiting space stations. - Io has a lot of volcanic activity, so the player should stay on alert and be able to evacuate colonists from areas during eruptions. - Charon is fairly small, so you would have limited room to expand. - Luna (Moon), Phobos, Deimos, Hyperion, and other similar planets have no atmosphere and little gravity, making oxygen production a priority. These planets would also be more susceptible to meteor strikes and without an atmosphere to hamper the impact, they would do more damage to structures than normal. In terms of resources, I feel it would play similar to Anno 2205 where each planet would have different resources and structures. Some planets would focus on harvesting resources, Others would focus on science production, Some could act as temporary homes, trading hubs, tourism, and so on. What would you add to this idea? What do you guys think?",1543607602
a0t0ob,Meats vs Alters,"This idea came to me when I saw someone mention a spawning base in another idea post. I thought, ""What if it's not the main player respawning?"" The game is a fps, multiplayer ideally (but not too many). Each player has one ""meat"" character and an endless supply of ""alters"" - artificial, spawned fighting machines. The goal of the game is to take out the other player's ""meat"" which is hidden somewhere. Your only clue initially is by where the Alters spawn. You can kill the Alters over and over, but until you take out the Meat, the game goes on. Each player has a base where they keep safe their Meat body. The bases are unknown at game start. The trick is to find them. A player can either control an Alter or the Meat. An Alter can only be controlled while the Meat is in base. A player can control and fight with the Meat - useful if the base is infiltrated - but once the Meat is killed, that's it. Sort of like a normal PvP game, but the game doesn't end until the others figure out where you live...",1543307662
a3aixy,"I have a controls idea, but no game to match. Let's come up with ideas together!","So I was trying to think of fun, time-waster games that a couple people could pick up and play anywhere, any time (with a smart phone). While I couldn't think of a specific game or any actual gameplay, I did think of a neat way to initiate such a game. So I though, maybe the players can face each other and hold opposite sides of the same phone, the short side. Given there's not a ton of room, the game would probably need to be controlled with only 2 or 3 buttons on each side. I can't even see how a D-pad would be very functional with limited space. I don't think a competitive game would be a great idea. That's begging for someone to yank the phone out of the other's hand, phones will get dropped, no good. But some sort of co-op game could work. A couple random thoughts I had: Maybe something like One Finger Death Punch where enemies fly in from all angles and each person has to press a button in time with an enemy getting close to them. Players can pick up power ups and consume them for themselves or maybe toss them over to the other player with a swipe. Another thought was sort of like Uncooked. Ingredients come in, players can only hold X number of ingredients on their side of the screen. They have to prepare these ingredients, pass them back and forth, pick up more ingredients, etc. Trying to fulfill orders. Would love to flesh out this idea. I think there might be a host of games that could be fun in this shared phone format. And FWIW, I got the inspiration for this from watching my gf's brother and newphew playing games on their Switch together.",1543999489
a3c1ry,Two game ideas,"The first idea I had was a horror game - where you're trapped in a room, the only thing you can interact with are security cameras and through the security cameras you have to relay instructions to characters in order to free you. Each character would have their own stress levels that are affected whenever they encounter a monster/have to run or hide from said monster. Characters with high stress would also affect their ""trust"" and the less trust they have in you, the more chances of the character not listening to you instructions, getting killed or escaping themselves. I'm not 100% sure how ""scary"" this would be...any feedback would be appreciated. My second idea I had would be a fantasy RPG where you play a hero who's just settled down with his new wife on a quiet farm. Eventually you find out your ""wife"" is actually the antagonists daughter - who's been summoned to control his armies. While she still loves you she wants you to join her by her side, commanding the demon army. You as the protagonists would have a choice - stop her armies from committing atrocities on innocents or commit them yourself and join her. The difficulty of the game/dungeons would be determined by the relationship you have with your wife. Along the way you'd meet other party members and/or other love interests that would persuade you to act a certain way. She caught you romancing a party member? Prepare for the difficulty to ramp up and/or enemies target her specifically. At the end the game would present one of the multiple endings which would be determined by your relationship level with her and other characters. Implementation of this would very complex with the amount of dialogue and the colossal. Any feedback on these ideas would be appreciated ",1544014601
a3i6kb,Futuristic city builder game with a catch,"Simcity style game, but you have to balance out RCI and lower middle and upper classes, or riots crime or corruption happens.",1544053918
a1ydf8,"AWSOMEEEE!! In the Oasis Kingdom, you can be a king, recruit an army and control castles."," [https://twitter.com/F4Code](https://twitter.com/F4Code) &amp;#x200B; In the Oasis Kingdom, you can be a king, recruit an army and control castles. check out the game : [https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.AlexSW.WarTB](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.AlexSW.WarTB) Intro More than ten unique parts including forest, desert, volcano and more. Each section having multiple castles/buildings to fight over and conquer. There will be challenging battles that will require you to think and plan strategies for each of them. When a soldier dies it’s permanent while you can recruit more you need to be a good commander because your funds are limited. Conquer all the castles on a map to unlock the boss battle and move on to the next map. The Oasis Kingdom is a strategy game with an open map where the player can roam around, attack enemies and siege castles. Battles are turned based with the option to make them automatic. Characters Each character will have different stats such as Hit points, attack range, attack factor, defense factor, movement points, speed, and action points (per turn). This stats will be different depending on the character, for example, a warrior with a shield will have high hit points and defense while a ranger will have a high range, high attack and low defense &amp; hit points. Current controllable characters: warrior, ranger, horseman, and spear-warrior. Terrain and Levels There will be at least ten sections each with more than two conquerable buildings. The terrain will be different for each of them, on some rangers characters will have cover and the advantage while in others. In some instances, the terrain will be interactive and even while changing. In the forest, you will see medieval castles, while in the desert you can see the pyramids. In addition, there will be a secret (easter egg) section. Inventory/Unit System You will be able to recruit different units with different skills using gold. You gain gold by defeating enemies and controlling castles. Its permanent death, meaning when a unit dies you will lose it. The difficulty also increases the more castles you own Heroes - coming soon The player will have the ability to pick a hero. These are customizable characters that will have the ability to level up and you will decide how to increase its attributes. In addition, they will have additional skills to power up your army. what do YOU think?",1543625837
a25us1,A Burnout-style racing game in which half of the racers drive in the opposite direction.,"Each deathrace starting line has half of the racers facing the opposite direction. In a 3-lap race, racers would have to face bouts of deadly head-on collisions about 6 times. All racing mechanics would be designed around this single concept. Control is tight and immediate. Head-on collisions send both cars straight into the air, so driving behind another car is a safety tactic... while playing chicken with an opposing vehicle (turning at the last second) is a counter-tactic. Crashes are visually spectacular with violent explosions, screen shake and excess debris on the track. Some tracks would be designed to have straightaways along the expected ""danger zones"". Other tracks make those areas more perilous. For example: Corners that force racers to either the faster inner raceline or the safer outer edge, hills that obscure the oncoming racetrack, branching paths that split into tight corridors, or a combination of any and all of these. To raise the tension, seconds before a wave of opposing racers you will get a loud warning of oncoming traffic. **Shit is about to go down.**",1543691720
9uo9a5,"Simple, web based game for hundreds of players","A couple of friends and myself are making a game for the university exhibition/fair/festival or whatever you call it, and we are looking for simple web games implementable within a month which does not use websockets(must be requests/ajax based) Target audience is about 6000 unique players upwards, and about ~200 users concurrently playing. Some guidelines we have: 1. Something many players can play together, and poaaibly rank them. 2. A single round should not last more than 5 minutes, but this doesn't matter too much. All ideas are appreciated, and will be credited within the game. ",1541510660
9y8xtd,Multiplayer city builder mmo.. Thing...,"A top down survival mmo, set in a vast wilderness. Players could build they're own towns and communities, populated by NPCs or other players. The town would be ran by a mayor, but Let's say the owner of the towns been ofline for 3 months. Then he would be kicked from rank as owner and players could vote for a new one. Of course the previous mayor could be revoted. Players could become farmers, lumberjacks, start they're own businesses ect. But they would need to buy a house, or land to build in the city. This would have to be aproved by the mayor. There could also be architects, they could only plan out what is to be built. They couldn't actually build to prevent griefing. And builders could place walls and furniture only where the architect designated them. This would Also have to be approved by the mayor. If the town grows large enough there could be more than one mayor. We could also have scientists, people who research stuff to aid in building and better life for other settlers. Some jobs could be done by NPCs and some couldn't. And maybe if enough towns are built nations could form. And a president would have to be elected. He would be in charge of foreign relations and maybe wars, maybe you could lead armies into other nations and take over towns, not actually destroy them, just take them over. I had this idea in the shower, I don't know what to do with it so here.",1542569536
9xjm9v,"A cyber-noir game about fast-travel, in which you track down and kill innocent ""outlaws"" who survived teleportation.","The game takes place in a future in which teleportation booths are ubiquitous. **Fast-travel using these is central to the plot and to the gameplay.** Not just the player can fast-travel, but so can NPCs. They use it to get to work, to travel for vacation, to take their lunch break in Tokyo, etc. Society has accepted teleportation booths. #### It's no secret: Teleportation booths clone you and then kill you. The population has generally come to accept this. *You* always feel like *you* when you come out of the other side, after all. Unfortunately, teleportation booths do have a slim failure rate. Once in a while, the booths will fail to destroy the original. These survivors are disavowed by society and declared outside of the protection of law. This is where you come in. You play a marshal who is tasked with tracking down and eliminating these [outlaws.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Outlaw) For each case you'll visit their home and workplace for clues to where they may be hiding. You'll interview relatives, colleagues, aquaintances *and even the rightful* clone himself/herself. The outlaw will also ping on a map if they were tagged by a nearby biometric scanner. Each case is like a detective mystery that may end in a confrontation or gunfight. ### Fast-Travel as a Gameplay Mechanic The basic game idea came from wondering, ""what if fast-travel wasn't just a small gameplay feature, but instead was the core mechanic of a game?"" The game world would be about as large as the several city hubs in recent Deus Ex games, just large enough to make fast-travel useful at walking speed (there's no need for cars in this future). Everyone can fast travel *except outlaws* since the network has already flagged them. The rightful clones of the outlaws are also affected since there's no way to tell them apart. This is important because any time an outlaw is pinged on the map, it means they *have* to be within a certain radius (based on time and walking speed). On the other hand, you can zip all over the place to check nearby scanners or to outmaneuver your target. It's so useful to you that it would be a shame if—in the final act of the game—a teleporter malfunctioned on you and now you become the hunted.",1542349184
9xsrmf,"Ace combat, but with Dragons?","Does an online multiplayer dog-fight style game where instead of planes/jets, you're a Dragon, sound any good? Sophisticated maneuverability, classes, ability trees instead of weapon unlocks, and a well varied melee scheme, like you'd have in a UFC game.  ",1542422213
9y2ijr,[AAA] Gambit Video Game,,1542509076
9xwftp,Simple competative party game like Gang Beasts.,"This is one of those ideas that just popped up in my head from nowhere so there my very well be a game like this already. I was thinking a very minimalistic competative party game in the style of Nidhogg or Stick Fight TG, where you play in a top down view as a gladiator in a colosseum arena against other players in various game modes, both locally and online. Every now and then the audience in the stands may throw a weapon into the arena for players to use like, swords, hammers, pikes and spears with different stats in speed, range and damage. You could also make it so that weapons are one or two-hand. If you're holding a shortsword you can also hold a shield which protects against one attack, but a pike would be a two-hand weapon. &amp;nbsp; There's a lot of different game modes that could be used. &amp;nbsp; **Local** * Deathmatch, where every player has a set number of lives and the match continues until only one remains. * Unlimited, where the audience is divided into equal sections of fans corresponding to each players color. When a player gets a kill his section will grow and the killed players section will shrink. When a players section disappears he is eliminated from the match. The match goes on until only one remains. * Wave, where the players fights as a team against wave after wave of CPU controlled slaves, gladiators, tigers and bears. The match continues until the whole team is eliminated. &amp;nbsp; **Online** Players now fight in teams of four against other teams. Players in the same team all have a different hue of the same color to tell them apart. The game modes are the same as local games except you play co-op against other teams. &amp;nbsp; You could even have a ranking table for online teams.",1542462022
9vy3p5,Enchiridia,"For people that have seen my ""[Card game idea](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/9dt6bi/card_game_idea/)"" post some time ago, The project is finally in a presentable state and can be downloaded for free at GameJolt or Itch.io: [gamejolt.com/games/enchiridia/377459](https://gamejolt.com/games/enchiridia/377459) [enchiridia.itch.io/enchiridia](https://enchiridia.itch.io/enchiridia) For the people that hear about it for the first time, Enchiridia is a project that tries to fix flaws in other card games like MTG, Hearthstone, Yu-Gi-Oh! and such. My previous post goes more in-depth as to what my ideas are. Would like to hear people's thoughts one the game :)",1541885671
9vnzqi,Whore Tycoon,"Run your golden life as slut manager and make money on the street. Shoot your contributers, become the whore lord of your town. :-)",1541795488
9vlsdm,"""Savior Simulator""","This literally came to me in a dream last night, so I thought I'd write it down somewhere. The premise is that you've been selected by a procedurally-generated deity (what it looks like, what it's god of (like mercy, charity, murder, insanity, etc), and what sacrifices it likes) to spread that deity's message through the land. This land, also procedural, would have a few cities and towns, a few wilderness areas, an ocean, mountains, etc. The game begins with a backstory that you as a child saw visions and gave sermons, but no one took you too seriously as you were just a child. You take control of your character as a teenager leaving your parents house in a small town and heading out to travel and spread the word of your god. The game system breaks down into three areas: Personal Health, Holy Power, and Reputation. Increasing any one of these will have an effect on the other two. Personal Health is subdivided into physical and mental. You can do activities to boost any of these stats, but often at a cost. Eating and drinking will boost your physical health, but you'll lose some Holy Power. Getting a job (cutting wood, farming, etc) will boost your mental health, but reduce your Rep. You gain Holy Power by doing spiritual things like meditating, fasting, and prayer. Gaining HP points runs the risk of harming your Physical stats, but may boost your Rep. Holy Power is used to perform miracles and sermons, which increases your Rep and gains you followers. Reputation is how well-known your are and how seriously people take you. It's vital to gaining followers and spreading your message, but too much Rep (and particular, if you speak out against the government), and you may gain the attention of the political rulers. Soldiers may start showing up at your sermons or harass you on the street, and if you get too popular too quickly, they may try to kill you. The goal is to gain as many followers as possible, and have your message spread across the map. There are a lot of ways to do this - you can stay in one spot and increase your Rep there, which will flow out slowly across the map. You can travel around and give sermons and perform miracles as you go. You can hand-select some of your followers to go to various places and witness to them (you can give each follower some of your Holy Points). The game ends when your character dies. This could be from old age, killed by the government or a mob, wandering as a crazy person in the wilderness, or by amassing so many Holy Points that you ascend from a mountaintop in a beam of light. After your character dies, you get to read the auto-generated scriptures of your life and deeds. My thought was that this would be good as a tongue-in-cheek kind of humorous game, which might be better served as a pixel game (like Kingdom: New Lands in terms of art style, but maybe not a side-scroll) which an emphasis on the procedural generation. Each new game would be a new deity, character, and all the people/followers/towns/map would all be different. I could go on about it, but that's the gist of it. What do you guys think? ",1541780393
9utx0x,Resume TCG,"Had one of those random odd ideas. Went to a group interview where someone pulled out their Magic TCG cards. When I was thinking about that day later in the afternoon; somehow my brain formed the idea to make my resume into collectable cards. Cards for: &amp;#x200B; \- Certificates, Licenses, or various other education \- Past Jobs and experience from them \- Testimonies \- Interview Q&amp;A's \- Awards and story behind them \- Portfolio examples ( Art, 3d models, Websites, etc.) While it would be fun creating them, I'm not sure how I could gamify them. I'm sure I could make them collectable cards like baseball cards. But I was curious if it were possible to make it into a game. Likely single player unless I could figure out how to have other players ""resumes"" come into the game. So I'm asking for ideas as to how I could make this into a game? Thanks for any thoughts.",1541548419
9vewww,Requesting super small scope ideas.,"Preferably one to two mechanics and one to three buttons. I want to make a small game for my portfolio that has a bunch of minigames in it with different features, plus it seems like it would be fun to do. For example, one might be: Two lanes coming at the player, the player can swap lanes at any time. There are blue objects the player needs to touch in both lanes, if they miss one they die. There are red objects that kill the player on touch. The player can shoot one projectile at a time (like space invaders) down a lane to destroy one red object. The game is infinite and ends when the player misses a blue object or hits a red one.",1541717895
9zenk8,RPG LoTR/ Hobbit Game,"I would love a game based on lord of the rings/ hobbit, maybe in the format of a hybrid between The Witcher 3 Wild hunt game and Skyrim. In terms of Skyrim i love the different species and classes you can choose from including the different interactions based on your race and in terms of The witcher game i love nearly everything about that game, the movment and combat mechanics, also the different types of creatures that play as your foes. I would also like to see maybe an expansion of characters from the LoTR storyline, like the riders of Rohan or go further in to the Undying Land. I do know about the TV show that amazon has planned and that it takes about in Tolkien's amazing universe, but i would love an interactive experience of Middle Earth. I would love to hear input or suggestions",1542897916
9zlrq0,"In the Oasis Kingdom, you can be a king, recruit an army and control castles."," [https://twitter.com/F4Code](https://twitter.com/F4Code) &amp;#x200B; In the Oasis Kingdom, you can be a king, recruit an army and control castles. check out the game : [https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.AlexSW.WarTB](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.AlexSW.WarTB) Intro More than ten unique parts including forest, desert, volcano and more. Each section having multiple castles/buildings to fight over and conquer. There will be challenging battles that will require you to think and plan strategies for each of them. When a soldier dies it’s permanent while you can recruit more you need to be a good commander because your funds are limited. Conquer all the castles on a map to unlock the boss battle and move on to the next map. The Oasis Kingdom is a strategy game with an open map where the player can roam around, attack enemies and siege castles. Battles are turned based with the option to make them automatic. Characters Each character will have different stats such as Hit points, attack range, attack factor, defense factor, movement points, speed, and action points (per turn). This stats will be different depending on the character, for example, a warrior with a shield will have high hit points and defense while a ranger will have a high range, high attack and low defense &amp; hit points. Current controllable characters: warrior, ranger, horseman, and spear-warrior. Terrain and Levels There will be at least ten sections each with more than two conquerable buildings. The terrain will be different for each of them, on some rangers characters will have cover and the advantage while in others. In some instances, the terrain will be interactive and even while changing. In the forest, you will see medieval castles, while in the desert you can see the pyramids. In addition, there will be a secret (easter egg) section. Inventory/Unit System You will be able to recruit different units with different skills using gold. You gain gold by defeating enemies and controlling castles. Its permanent death, meaning when a unit dies you will lose it. The difficulty also increases the more castles you own Heroes - coming soon The player will have the ability to pick a hero. These are customizable characters that will have the ability to level up and you will decide how to increase its attributes. In addition, they will have additional skills to power up your army. &amp;#x200B; what do YOU think?",1542953617
9yzntw,[Dream] The Game.,"A virtual gaming platform that houses different types of gameplay within one thematically connected world. There would be three distinct ""levels"" to gameplay in this world: CIVILIZATION - CITY - GROUND CIV - the civ level would essentially be a large scale game of Civilization except it is played by many users on a time scale of months/years. Decisions made at this level take significant real time to propagate through the rest of the game world. This is the platform on which clashes between factions would be orchestrated. This is where a faction would allocate its resources and partake in politics and spying and direct a faction in broad strokes. CITY - the city level would consist of gameplay akin to SimCity and Cities Skylines. Users could create different designs of infrastructure within a city that are limited by the resources allocated to the city from the civ level. These designs would be voted on by the citizens of the city and built by users and NPCs on the ""ground"". GROUND - the ground level is where more of the classic gameplay would take place. Users would have a stable of characters like a normal MMO but these characters can be used in a variety of different gameplay types. FPS, RTS, MOBA could all be conflicts between rival clashes that take place on the CIV level. RPG and adventure games could take place elsewhere on the map. Minecraft and building games could take place withing cities where users and NPCs build the infrastructure designated at the above levels. That is the bare bones idea behind ""The Game"". I understand it would be a titanic undertaking that would probably require a decade of development and would hinge upon a massive user base. Also that the chance of a single developer being capable of creating a worthwhile experience across so many genres on one seamlessly connected platform is slim at best. That being said, if a company was audacious enough to pull it off it could be an incredible experience. I imagine how streamers and their communities would factor into the decisions made on the CIV level and the interesting dynamic that would create across the streaming platform. Now that I've typed it all out I suppose this is essentially the world that exists in Ready Player One and all of a sudden I don't feel like I came up with the idea at all and I should maybe smoke less weed! Cheers! ",1542772775
9z017u,Map Editor - The Game," A Game That's sole intention is to drive players of games to create games easily. --- #What is it? Think back to starcraft/wc3 days of playing UMS maps. I want to relive that and I think there needs to be a product solely for that audience. My opinion is that we currently lack creativity in the genres of games today. Game development is a long and arduous process that can easily go astray for large teams working on a concept or be too expensive to teams with a low budget or without a fully fleshed out idea. I think that could change with a development environment that was simple to innovate in and get immediate testing and feedback instantly. I remember creating Survival maps, and RPGs, in Starcraft:Broodwar. SC:BW is where a lot of genres started, and has been nothing really like it since. It also wasn't really open to the broader market or advertised that way, it didn't even try to appeal to any audience other than the Starcraft community. This game needs to be an arcadey platform to gamers to create a map(think rts survival), host a lobby, with a catchy title ""New Apocalypse themed survival map - Need Testers"" etc. Players join download the map from the host and are able to even host it themselves or edit the map after. From the lobby the game starts hosted from the creators connection. I imagine this as a 2D RTS game editor possible with 3D options or a 3D editor as a secondary title. This could also be RTS Game Creator/2D Game Creator/etc --- #Core Concept - Restrictions for success. It needs to be easy for the average gamer to jump into with no real background experience, but not restrict more advanced players. [Basic scripting options, Location based triggers, Conditionals, Units creation, etc] It should be focused on sharing and playing the games over creating them. --- Concept Art? I was bored.. [Menu](https://i.imgur.com/c44iRFe.png) [Lobby](https://i.imgur.com/vbAt2Fh.png) [MapEditor](https://i.imgur.com/vbAt2Fh.png) --- Might update later, Time for sleep.",1542775965
9ve353,You are a homosexual Mexican named Jake trying to hide the fact that you’re gay by playing football,"You figure football is a good way to hide being gay because it’s so popular and “manly”. The objective of the game is to hide your erections. Time you’d do so is while showering with the other guys, at the bottom of dog piles, and when you look at those THICK linemen getting in their stances If you don’t successfully hide your homosexuality the whole team will bully you",1541712123
9ww7wk,Hall Monitor,"One of my favorite games is Papers Please, where the premise is pretty much people come through the line at an immigration checkpoint and give you papers, and you have to see if they have all the valid documents. My game idea is similar in the primary mechanic, but more abstract when it comes to the setting. Your job is to patrol the school for kids that aren't supposed to be in the hall. On your first day, you're only chosen to monitor one hallway. As the game progresses, administration gives you more of the school to monitor, but since you have more work you can either a) be allowed to miss more kids, as you can't be everywhere, or b) set up other kids as posts to help you monitor the school. The game takes place over a set amount of time (30 days/ levels, maybe more) Once you find a kid in the hall, you interrogate them, they give you a hall pass (each classroom has a different hall pass, and you have to see if its valid or not, this is the primary inspiration from Papers Please). If they have a valid pass, great. If not, you can write them up, or they may run, and you have to chase them before they go inside the bathroom, their classroom, etc. Chasing them down could lead to not interrogating other kids in the hall. Some kids may give you a sob story, or have a ""valid"" excuse as to why they don't need a pass. Whether or not you believe them is up to you. However, if you miss a kid, or let one go that shouldn't be let go, a teacher may come out of a classroom and tell you that they never get their permission, getting you in trouble. So, you have to predict certain teachers' behavior as you progress (some may not care, some are very very strict). There can also be an overarching story in the game. Maybe there is a clique in the school that tries to abuse your powers, either through threats or bribes to make sure they don't get tickets. Whether or not you let them operate is your choice. Tell me what you think, typing it all out makes it sound a lot like Papers Please but maybe that's just because it's inspired off of it. Hopefully I added something more that isn't just a reskin of that game.",1542165373
9x7u35,Idea for a final boss,Hello there! &amp;#x200B; I have a game where you are in a building that is alive and trying to kill you with challenges. What would be the best fitting final boss for it that would make the player satisfied and have a closure?,1542256151
9uymz0,Dev-Team seaking for inspiration.,"Hi guys, &amp;#x200B; thought I try this the other way around here: We are a team of 4 developers (experienced). We're planning to create a game with Unreal Engine. The game shall be available for PC via Steam once finshed. (No other platforms are planned) Currently we're in the planning phase and thinking through various ideas. But we haven't found an idea we all agree on yet. &amp;#x200B; What we're NOT capable of: \-Creating realistic looking humanoid charaters with voice acting and gestics.. (Lack of 3d artists, etc.) \-Creating an open world game. (Too many 3d assets) &amp;#x200B; So in conclusion, programming of game mechanics/online functionality etc. is fine, but assets should be kept to a minimum. &amp;#x200B; Maybe you guys can help us with a bit of inspiration. :)",1541590175
9xnzsb,Tycoon type game idea,"Hey all The idea I have is a Takeshi castle game but you have to operate it like a tycoon /a business. The basic works can be like RCT2. Have the commerce, attractions building. Some can be customised others can be fixed. I know games from here are rarely picked and big ideas aren't feasible. Would gamers be interested in something like this ? ",1542387839
9vqgt6,Animal Crossing Zombie Survival,"This makes no sense. I had this idea about a Zombie Survival game that would play like Animal Crossing. Maybe it would have a neat story, maybe it would be arcade-like. I didn't think it through very well, just think it would be neat.",1541814624
9znl6p,Scooby-Doo,"I was thinking why not a current game of scooby doo? Something like Coop versus 1 player. Currently this style of play has gained more prominence with multiplayer horror games and I believe that the Mystery S.A. fits perfectly in style, has charismatic characters, each with unique skills and lots of nostalgia.",1542973058
9zepkg,Infinite Paper boy game.,"I'm indie developer, brainstorming a paper boy game. The game is 2d and you have to distribute morning news papers to the houses as he passes by on bicycle or rollers. I'm looking for some ideas to make it more interesting. Any ideas are welcome.",1542898338
9zxj70,A Cthulhu-based Horror RPG,"Since we all know valve will never release Portal 3, I thought I’d make something similar to Portal 1 (don’t worry no puzzle solving nor portals mixing wit Cthulhu) since the orange box contains my favourite games and I don’t want that feeling to be squashed out by all these shooter games (yes I know tf2 and half life are shooters especially tf2 but they’re still wacky and hilarious, and they just have that ~~nostalgia and romanticising the past~~ great feeling to them) Also I’d like to give Extra Credits credit (ba-dum tssssh) for inspiring me to make this with their ‘Why horror games do Cthulhu wrong’ video (yup that’s the theme, now watch me disregard everything they say in that video) #**Gameplay:** This would be an semi-open world RPG similar to Skyrim or Fallout (I’m not sure about Fallout I never played it). It would start with no cutscenes to get you in on what the world is supposed to be like, but immediately throw you into a time restricted challenge to get you awake up and proper. You would rapidly flit between characters mentioned in the original story, and some other random people. You would accomplish stuff like you’d expect in real life but occasionally get references to Cthulhu or other parts of the mythos which, when completed, would swap to a new character. This is probably quite controversial, but this game would be like Bendy and the Ink Machine where the gameplay itself is extremely lacking but it’s (hopefully) made up for in story. #**Story:** This is not really story, but more on theme, and this generally echoes the video but more detailed maybe? (I’m still new at this) While doing your everyday tasks, you would see random occurrences and weird things that you might associate with LSD. An example I have in mind is someone outside their house and a random tentacle comes up behind them and taps their shoulder. The man says he’ll be there in a minute and you see the man getting dragged into the earth before your character turning away sharply. If you choose to look back you see the same man leaving for work but the soil is still displaced like it actually happened. Mystery would be a core element in the game, but not in the traditional large sense. It would be in these tiny occurrences, that seem like they have no overall meaning to the plot unless they’re put together. Contradiction would also be a large part of the game, in my mind there are two lines. You have one line which leads into no contradiction, then the other line would be the border between contradiction and making no sense. If I had to choose I’d like this game straddling the latter. A big part would be making you question everything about this game, such as: “What’s the story?” “What’s the meaning of &lt;thing&gt;” “What *********************** thought it was a good idea to make this game? EA?” (Don’t worry I don’t think EA has the rights. &lt;looks at Star Wars Battlefront 2&gt; Those bastards.” I have multiple endings in mind, but none of them would be clearly illustrated as being the real or fake endings. I want there to be a sizeable number of endings, like 4 or 5. I also want the concept of decision making in relation to endings being flipped on its head, with things that you would assume being important to the story having little to no impact and things that you would think are just little speech changes or side quest things *sometimes* make an impact. Maybe that Undertale thing where you have this value when you create a new game and the events can be altered based on that but I want to keep it simple for now. I’m keeping it as vague as I think I can in hopes of someone who tries to make this have freedom and people reading this to imagine their own thing, suggesting it, then ~~brutally plagiarising it~~. Also maybe I was thinking,of adding other entities from the Mythos, but like I said before I want to keep it simple. Feedback would be appreciated and remember, &lt;some random Cthulhu quote&gt; Thanks for reading! (: ",1543055782
9zg9lh,A racing game with only one track," Every raing game adds more than one track of course. But what if we make a racetrack, combining every single race track, and make it into a very big race track. Every single month we can extend it by a few miles. Please comment what you think. Also, downvotes crush dreams.",1542909225
9zp5r0,Indie multiplayer black friday game,Collect as many store items as possible and fight other players to steal the items they’ve collected.,1542986942
9zr36q,First Person Kingdom Builder,"Okay so im not the best at making games but this type of game is something ive always wanted to play but nothing good has ever come of the genre.  If you have ever heard of the kingdom defense RTS game called (Kingdoms and Castles) you'd get the idea of what kind of kingdom builder I have in mind, fully custom areas to build and you act as the ruler of your area and your advisors etc, would tell you of issues and what not. Take this idea make the graphics realistic (witcher 3/Skyrim style if I may compare), and make it to where when your done building areas of your kingdom you can go into a first person mode where the entire area is populated and you can interact with randomly generated NPCs. Whether they are shop owners blacksmiths, Lords, or whatever else you have, you can talk to them, order them around, make your guards arrest them upon accusation of treason, everything. It would be cool to have a couple modes of this game where singleplayer would have a story mode like all games of the sort, but also a survival mode where your given a pre built kingdom and you must do your best at managing and defending it as you can until either your overthrown or killed in an invasion. These overthrowing instances, would depend on your standing of you population, bad popularity would raise the risk of a raiding party appearing at your door at any moment, while good popularity might grow your city, increase happiness, and allow for you to have kingdom wide events and parties to keep it that way. Invasions would be characters like Barbarians or even other players (like how dark souls does it.), that would appear near your kingdom and you would be informed via courier (which can be killed before he informs you if you have a low popularity as spies might become a problem). if your invaded you can use your existing army (if you built one up) to defend or you can surrender and save the lives of your people but you will be seen as a coward and may be executed or exiled making you lose your kingdom and have to restart, or you can propose a peace treaty via gifts or loyalty to the invading party if they are too strong, allowing you to have an ally that will help when you invade others or get invaded yourself again. This can span many ways and creates a diverse and always different way to play the game.  Going from build mode to first person mode would be seamless and work like you were going from 3rd person to 1st person via the F keys in any other games. but just build mode would be zoomed WAY out as your character is not the size of a mountain... your kingdom is. In build mode you can utilize your resources gathered by your citizens to build anything. some resources may only be made if you have certain buildings. For example, you may need Iron or steel to create wall reinforcements and better weapons and armor for you and your army. But until you have a blacksmith that can create the metal and forge the weapons and armor you may not be able to upgrade your items. So there will be a bit of a search for resources to get your upgrades in order.  Build mode, aside from being used to build up your kingdom can also be used to quickly look at your diplomatic list. while in build mode though your character does not move and is vulnerable to attacks although the chances do not raise, it stays in line with how well respected you are by your advisors or population. But that doesn't mean you can't be invaded while in build mode because it does not pause the game.  First person mode is quite simple, you can do actual first person while walking around or you can go actual third person depending on what you like best, it will not affect anything. While in first person, you will be able to go anywhere even just leave the city although that can be dangerous there further away from your castle you go but not by much. In this mode though, you won't be able to see your active resource count any statistics in the UI, this is because to keep realism you will always have a VERY killable advisor at your side. He/she can be asked to tell you certain statistics and they will do so at command. BUT, they are buyable, meaning they can be bought off to tell you slight lies if your standing isn't so good. (chances of lies vary, but are unlikely to happen constantly, unless you really wanna be a bad ruler) but this advisor can be told to stay or come with you so you have a choice of whether you need the info while exploring or not.  While in first person mode you can also talk to people like I mentioned before. your citizens will be randomly generated and settings can be changed to have as much variations in your citizens depending on how good of a pc you have. (this is just aesthetics though, as voice lines can vary depending on the npc is doing) You can make unexpected entrances at bath houses, have random people taken off the streets and punished for something you didn't appreciate, you can order food at local shops or restaurants, or you can just throw money around, because who doesn't like a generous ruler once in a while? This all depends on who you take with you on your excursions around town though, if just your advisor, you can't arrest anyone, or fight anyone and your also very open to attacks from civilians. But you can choose to take guards with you, no exact max number of guards is in my head right now, but let's just say you choose to take 50 guards to follow you around at all times. this will give you a massive advantage over any assassination attempts and will allow you to arrest anyone and do anything to your civilians given you have the power to do so. (options of what you can do in town vary depending on who you take with you is what im getting at) But The idea of taking lots of guards with you into town can also lower your citizens moral because they might see it as a ""flaunting your power"" thing so if you'd like to have many guards in town you can play guard posts or even have a yearly military parade. (like 4th of july or whatever other countries do in today's time)  I Apologise for any inconsistent organization in this game Idea explanation but just take the gist of each idea and comment on them as you see fit. Id love to see other ideas for this type of game too! Thanks!",1543000245
a3hz7m,A horror game idea,"Multiple scientists are visited in their dreams by a tall shadowy figure with the head of a goat. He does nothing but stand there in their dreams. When the scientists wake up, they are at their desk, and had made pages upon pages of notes and research and have discovered a startling, but fascinating truth. When an object is propelled at a sufficient enough speed through a pentagram shape made with a mammal's blood, it travels to another dimension. The scientists get together and create a secret mission to send people into the dimension. As you may have guessed, that dimension is Hell. The government eventually learns of the project but instead of just shutting it down, they take control of the project. They eventually send 4 people into Hell. A historian, a zoologist, a physiologist, and a former soldier. You choose from one of these people at the beginning of the game. The game is a horror survival game where you have to try to get out of Hell and keep your team alive.",1544052615
a311h6,Minimalistic game ideas?,"Looking for ideas of minimalistic games. What non-minimalistic, large scale games do you think it would be cool to have in a minimalistic type of game? Or maybe a real-life situation that would be cool to make into a minimalistic game?",1543932998
9yz5am,"""Hit points are depressing to me. It's sort of a reflex to just have HP/MP, like a game designer stopped doing their job..."" -Tarn Adams, creator of Dwarf Fortress. What are some interesting alternatives to the standard Health and Magic Meters?","Dwarf Fortress uses a wound-based system, where different limbs and body parts can be damaged independently and in different ways. What are some other interesting alternatives to the regular health/magic bar?",1542768392
9ywbnc,Round Survival Game - ‘These Damn Elves’,"—The idea: Santa’s elves are tired of the slave labor they endure to make all of the toys every year. This Christmas they’re taking it back to Santa. —The narrative: You play as Santa Clause who must defend himself against the onslaught of elves that come in these endless waves, using a ‘round’ system. —Online: Online you can play in a group of 1-4 players and survive together. You can either be: Santa, Mrs. Clause, The “Grouch” (grinch knockoff), or Yukon Cornelius (from Rudolph). —Mechanics: This will be a 3D soft-rendered type game. You survive as many ‘rounds’ as you can. Santa will be able to defeat the elves with his bare hands, but at the end of every round he can go to his sack of presents and use elf souls to purchase new weapons (sharpened candy-cane throwing knives, etc.), or purchase upgrades. —Game modes: For now I have 2 game mode ideas: One is a classic horde/round survival with Santa just by himself in sort of an enclosed ice area where the Enemies will come out of various crevices or caves. The second is where Santa has to defend the workshop, the enemies will be attacking it, but also indirectly Santa. He will be able to set traps around the workshop, and using elf souls he can buy different traps or upgrade defenses. —Playable Characters: -Santa Clause: this will not be the ‘Jolly’ Santa model. He will be a sort of comically buffed up version able to throw elves around. He will be complete with Santa hat, a sleeveless Santa coat, and tactical Santa pants with combat boots. He is strong and has abilities matching his strength (e.g. able to pick up and throw elves). -Mrs. Clause: Big fat old woman with rosy cheeks. She cusses up a storm; she’s so pissed at these elves. Her abilities are to be able to craft certain traps, (e.g. cookie bombs), once her meter fills up for that craftable. -The ‘Grouch’: The grouch is a furry, colored creature who has a lanky stature while wearing tattered Christmas gear. He is very agile and cunning; able to do evasive maneuvers, and turn some elves against each other. -Yukon Cornelius: A strong dwarf type character; he has a flannel lumberjack look. He is equipped with a pickaxe and is able to make quick work of low-level elves. —Enemy NPCs: -Elves: there are several types of elves that will be amongst the horde. There are: the low-level keebler-type elves (about 2 foot tall, not much of a threat, but there are many), the fudge-packers, (tank like elves that got fat as fuck off of cookies), the buffies, (elves that followed Santa’s workout regimen and are about twice as tall as low level elves and buff as fuck, able to throw lower elves into battle). -Reindeer: All of Santa’s reindeer have been recruited by the elves to turn against Santa. They come as bosses every 5 waves or so; able to fly around and dive-bomb Santa. Once killed they drop max ammo and refill all abilities/health. The only reindeer that is not an enemy is Rudolph, he is able to be used as a purchase with elf souls and can help turn the tide against the horde (non-playable). -Snowmen/Snowcreatures: These are evil snowmen created by the elves with their magical crafting powers. Most snowmen are normal and move at a very slow pace towards Santa (acting as more of a shield for the elves), others are snow creatures (created with big branches from trees and can be a tough challenge). —Market/sales: This will be kind of a niche market during the holiday season, but can be converted to other titles for the other seasons (e.g. Halloween). Game will be Gory, with Mature content such as foul language and blood. Targeted demographic will be late teens/early adults. Game should sell for around $11.99 at launch, $7.99 at winter sale. Let me know what you guys think! I came up with this today after watching the new Grinch movie oddly enough, LOL. P.S. please give credit of this/me if referenced or used. ",1542747831
a39iai,Reverse Metroidvania,"You've successfully grabbed the 10 relics, each giving you a special power, and now you've made you're way to the final encounter, you open the boss door to find the biggest bad ass evil doer imaginable. With the power of the ten relics you easily purge the world of his corruption. Now what. Now you must return the relics. The world relied on their power and it was only letting you borrow it. However the religious followers that lead you to the relics to begin with have turned out to be an evil cult wanting the world to end and are trying to force you to keep them for yourself. &amp;#x200B; Ignoring the ham-handed plot, the idea is you have all the powers you would have gained through a normal play of a Metroidvania, and must return the power-ups to their original places. As you place the power-ups back, enemies would naturally become harder simply because you don't have a tool you used to be able to use. One idea is to have the first half of the game be collecting the relics to the end boss, and as you collect them the pallet changes. You're told throughout the game the demon lord is corrupting the world, only to find out at the end its because you've been taking these relics that the world has been dying. I do have a problem with the difficulty curve if the game was in full. You'd have to make the starting area's enemies simple so to help brand new players along, but during the second half, aka when the game is supposed to be at it's hardest, you're fighting enemies you've fought in the beginning. Either the enemies have to be corrupted since you first fought them to make them stronger, which would just feel like a new game+ or epilogue and need extra sprites, or you start the game from the ""hardest"" boss and work back from there... &amp;#x200B; What do you guys think? &amp;#x200B; Inspired by Wanderbots Let's Play of Timespinner, the word ""Disempowerment"", and a few flash games that've had the player starting in the boss room and going backwards in time.",1543989831
9uk0ct,Gladiator fighting game.,"Basically dark souls, but you're an idiot gladiator / slave instead and fight your way to the top getting better shit and unlocking diff scenarios (charriots, squad melee, animals) / maybe earn your freedom.",1541468969
9v2ly9,Ideas for attack-and defend based board game?," Hi, i want to make a board game based on a spartan-type battle. You are playing an army who is trying to hold the border while another larger army is attacking. You need to defend the border X-amount of rounds until reinforcements arrive. Would you have any ideas on how to make an fun and simple (max 30 min playing time) game with these premises?",1541619709
9vmkdf,Ideas for App-specific games?,"I am a Computer Engineering student looking to grow my portfolio and I believe publishing a game to the app store would be a great way to showcase my skills. I have read through many posts on this sub and there definitely are some great ideas but most of them seem out of reach for a single developer. I am hoping to start a discussion on some ideas for games that would be suitable for the app platform. These types of games include but are definitely not limited to: * Endless single player games such as Jetpack Joyride, Crossy Road, and Doodle Jump * Tower Defense games such as Bloons Tower Defense (Would be more difficult but Unity has some templates) * Sidescrollers such as Fun Run * Puzzle/Arcade games such as 2048 In addition to this, I have some ideas of my own I would like you guys to review: * Monster Run: An endless sidescroller where you're controlling a character that is running from a monster that throws/summons obstacles in front of you that you have to dodge or else you get swallowed by the monster. * Snowboard Game: Similar to monster run but you're a snowboarder that is trying to get away from an avalanche that gradually gets faster and faster and there are obstacles that you have to dodge and jumps that you do tricks off of to give you a boost. * Virtual Stock Market: This is an idea that I read off of this sub where you start off with x amount of virtual money and invest in real-world companies. You can either lose or gain money based on how the stock does real-world. I want to add another dimension to this game where you can do something with the money, but the idea is escaping me. Please let me know of any ways to improve these games to make them more compelling or just original ideas in general.",1541785601
9vv58e,I'm trying to find a unique combat system for an RPG,,1541863837
9wl917,A “Competitive MMO” Type Game,"With the rise of games like destiny, fallout 76, anthem, etc., I thought of a twist on the genre. Imagine you and an opposing team in an mmorpg type area with npcs, quests, enemies, landscapes, etc. You basically compete to level up your character during your match and get the best loot in a shared map, with meta objectivities like League of Legends, like blowing up their base. You complete quests, loot, like in an mmorpg, but each quest leads you to the “meta objective” to win against the opposing team. Combat could resemble something like Overwatch, or Destiny. There would have to be larger team sizes to fit an mmorpg style area. The map should be the right size, with quests for each time leading to the same areas to fight ai enemies so as to lead to pvp moments. Each match would be created to last 20-45 mins on average. ",1542078708
9wfh5s,"A great evil resurrects every thousand years, followed soon after by the chosen hero to defeat him. This time the great evil got to choose the hero.","While playing *Breath of the Wild*, sometimes I'd get the nagging feeling that ""I'm powerful enough. I should stop looking for Korok seeds and just to slay Ganon already. Zelda is probably having a hard time while I'm having fun shield surfing."" A neat story twist can be made out of this. **** This is a fantasy action adventure game much like *BotW*, except small enough in scope for an indie dev team to produce. However, the tone and atmosphere is closer to a FromSoftware game. This game shares two other important similarities with *BotW*: 1) you are free to go straight to the final boss at any time, and 2) once you beat him, that's the end of the game. There's no post-game. If you want to 100% the game, you have to leave the final boss for last. In this game, the hero has to sacrifice his life to slay the final boss. ### The ""True"" Ending If you completed everything in the game before heading to the final boss, the final boss will have had time to complete his grand mausoleum before you arrive. He hung tapestries and constructed stone artwork to commemorate his battles against the hero over centuries. Through environmental storytelling and some exposition from him, you learn that every time great antagonist resurrects, **the first person he kills becomes ""the hero""**. This hero will then resurrect ad-infinitum until he has killed the antagonist (in the process explaining how you have unlimited lives), after which the hero's immortality ends and he dies too. The cycle then repeats in another 1000 years. This time the antagonist chose to save his first kill until he found the most self-serving, procrastinating human in the kingdom to turn into the hero. This way, the antagonist would have more time to cause suffering and build the world he desired. And you played into it by taking your sweet time to 100% the game. The game's world is as oppressive as Bloodborne, so everyone is suffering for longer by you not slaying the final boss sooner. It's not meant to be some deep commentary on gaming or anything; rather, it's just a neat twist to throw at a player be exploiting some of that tiny guild they may have felt while playing. ### The Other True Ending That ending might motivate the player to get the other ""true"" ending in which the hero goes straight to saving the world. No distractions. You'd start a new game and go straight to the final boss without any of the upgrades/levelups/powerups. This is the game's true Hard Mode and essentially the final test of the game. Beating the game like this breaks the curse somehow and the hero doesn't die after slaying the final boss. The player unlocks the post-game and can keep playing after the credits.",1542040288
9wr97v,I would want to see a Spartacus video game in the future,,1542131233
9xywcb,Metroidvania game idea,"For a few years I’ve had this idea about this game, but only as of recently have I expanded upon the idea. Anyways, let me start off with the name. The game’s current working name is “The Framing of a God.” It follows an infant boy, Tyler, on a quest to gain his Father’s respect and get revenge for his brother. A bit of backstory for the game, Tyler’s father was abusive and one day, was yelling at Tyler’s older brother, Luke. Tyler tried to defend him and both were kicked out of the house. Luke is lost, and is presumably never seen again. Tyler, however, decides to live independently. Eventually, he makes his way to a jungle, where he fines a shrine. Inside of this shrine, he is giving magical powers. These magical powers are the basis of the combat and mobility for the game. Tyler can use magic to dash, attack in air, and on the ground. You will unlock more of these abilities later on, and eventually unlock extremely strong magic attacks that can be used when a gauge is all the way filled up. For the setting, I was imagining that the island he finds the shrine on would be a decent chunk of the game, but I think Tyler could also move to other places, such as a city or some other natural landscapes. Spoiler alert for the game. but, anyways, Tyler finds a secret message that can guide him to his father. He located his father, and battles him. Very close to death, his father is now defeated. But Tyler does kill him, he simply says something like “I hope you learned your lesson.” And leaves. Afterwards, godlike creatures are noticing Tyler’s actions, so they invite him to be made an official god (demigod to be exact.) He must battle through a colleseum like arena, and afterwards, the game is finished. So yeah, that was a pretty bare bones explanation of my game, but here’s a few other bits and pieces. • The game will use a pixel art style, similar to Celeste • Tyler does not age through the game, however his confidence will greatly increase • Tyler’s magic functions as Melee attacks, they have unlimited use but Ofcourse some end lag on them Please Let me know what you think about my game, and what I can do to improve on it. ",1542480720
9xzccn,Survival Game - Leprechaun Spilling Beers,"After playing loads of friday the 13th I have an idea for an assymettrical survival game. It's 5 people vs a Leprechaun. Each person starts the game with a full glass of beer. The amount of beer acts as a health meter - the player can place their hand over the beer to keep it from spilling if running or attacked. When they run for an extended amount of time, they must drink at least 2 chugs to continue, bascially self cannibalizing. The goal of the leprechaun is to make them spill their beer and essentially kill them. He can sneak underneath and slap it out of their hands. He can hide in trees and pounce on them, set up traps to make them trip, or find creative ways to injure them before his finishing kill. The goal of the player is to get to the pot of gold. They can only see this pot of gold through searching in chests for a blotter tab. They put this tab in their drink, take a chug, and a rainbow shows up leading them to the pot of gold. After one player gets the pot of gold, the remaining players will be able to see an icon of the pot on the map. There are other things they can get, such as a larger beer stein, which they can dump their starting beer into or find a spout to fill it up for max health. There will be hidden beer on tap throughout the map to refill health. ",1542483922
9x5l1u,Dracula game in the style of Assassin's Creed,[removed],1542239082
9vzyzo,A battle royale survival game,"This game would put you onto a map. You can get supplies like wood, stone, and brick. Every 2 minutes, with a 30 second preparation time. a new apocalypse starts like zombies, tidal waves, and earthquakes. During the apocalypses, players can also attack you. This would change up the strategies a lot. Instead of a circle, the players that died already will become zombies and can see alive players by a sweeping radar that does 1 sweep every 30 seconds. Tell me what you think.",1541900774
9xb1qt,Game Idea RPG style for IOS and ANDROID,"Hey guys! I am new to reddit. I am a young writer (25) and i actually made my account, because i thought i had an okay gaming idea. It would be nice if you would judge the idea, so it can be find tuned, or tell me if its just something alot of people say. I am sure that the idea is pretty easy to accomplise, pixel grafic would work like wonders, because i am thinking that it should be kindda old school. I saw a game making tool called RPG maker VX which would work for this. I only have the idea for the start of it for now, but if there are a team of people that would be interested in making the idea happen, then i would be happy to thing more about the story(Potentially if there is other writers or people that are good at making events/Short stories, we could come up with something together) For starters alot of RPG\`s is set in the old times, with caves, knighs, magicians and so on. This would be set in modern time, in a high school setting. The start should hook people on the storie, by being a bit goofy and funny, with our protagonist fighting bullyes and random ass harrashment. An exampel on this can be, that the he is approch by some bullys from the school, that throws erasers after him, which he parry with his trusty ruler. Then he throws some algebra equastion after the bullies, confusing them before making an escape. So here comes the part that would probably turn some people off, but i believe it would be a strong asset, if used correctly, and would make it easier to either sell the game, or just gets downloads in generel. I would like for it to be a cross over game, were we use popular anime characters from different shows. Or the anime characters is not as important as the skill set that they posses. That would be good, because there is not really any anime cross over RPG out there, and people can see some unique skills and even get to learn them, with their characters. We would also have an easy and unique way to introduce, that this is a cross over game by giving him some cringy parrents, whose roles is to make different kind of anime refrenches, by talking about there powers. Like Sasukes Chidory, or naruto\`s shadowclones. By growing up with parrents like that, we make it so it have a mental effect on our main characters, and because of that, he will sometimes make refrences himself or respont to the wrong names. And with parrents like that, it becomes our job to come up with cringy senarios, and i think that would be pretty fun(Of course we are talking about the right kind of cringe, were the player feel and maybe even laugh a bit at the characters, because they can feel his pain) We could then make him fight the shounen protagonist or antagonist, eventually learning some of their skills. We would of course need some original antagonist and protagonist to make it work, but i think people would enjoy fighting against, and getting coach by characters they are already familiar with. And we should pay attensions against witch characters we use. Of course popular stuff like Naruto, bleach and Academia can be a given, but it would be cool to be able to include the less popular shounens like Hitman Reborn We can also go away from that idea, and keep the refrences by text only, by having our mc refrence them himself. Then we have to come up with an explenation for when he recieve some powers with his class mates and bullies. That will be easyer to explain by having cross over characters come over, teaching him powers, with meditation, training and so on. &amp;#x200B; Another think that would be cool is to not make it about some crappy world dominance or make it so ""Oh no the world is dying"". It should be more personal, and close to people. The good think about not using anime characters apperence as an approach, is that it actually becomes easier to make more relatable. It would be easyer to make the game be about his lifes struggels then. I would rather be behind something grounded, fun and relateble, comepared to some anime-dragonball like bullshit.... Thats also why it would be nice, to let the boss battles be memorable. Giv the battles something unique, instead of the game just being about getting stronger and stronger... &amp;#x200B; Also the text refrences is probably the one to go for. I can imagin getting problem with copyright issues if we use already created characters. Then we will just creat our own magic system for use. Its a little more work, but i already have one that we can either use, or we can make a totally different one. My own system is very grounded and it becomes very hard to make grafic refrences to some powers. Anyhow thats like the start of the idea :) ",1542287566
9wxjau,Eco Earth Simulator game idea,"Is there a simulator game where the aim is to turn the earth around from pending ecological destruction? If not, it may be a great game to develop.",1542176607
9xan5x,"""The Book of Realms"" (kind of a must read)","A procedurally generated realm game that highlights players and ai interaction and roleplay called, ""The Book of Realms"". It would consist of 5 realms that vary in setting but all play like the same game. The main goal of the game would be to play as your character and survive while learning more about the setting you inhabit with character moral alignment at the core of gameplay. Eventually players could find their characters traveling to the other realms in multitudes of fashions then having to deal with the realms factions and players reactions to the presence of foriegn actors. Each player would start with a soul that would inhabit a single character once that character dies the soul is transcended and can inhabit a new body, each life experience could effect the soul in different ways giving the player persistance to a degree. Player death would only happen after a certain amount of downs one life bar being a down. Character balancing would be as follows, everyone starts with a set max life pool and would sacrifice portions of it for techniques they learn through certain practices at the players will resulting in a leveless system, they could then sacrifice technique pools for specialization pools. Characters could establish factions of their own and set the behaviors of the ai they gain influence over by player action and ai willingness to follow a leader of their liking depending on ai alignment. Players would operate partially held to the wants/needs/mood of their characters. Ai would be procedurally generated and only become static once a player involves themselves with them through interaction positively or negatively, at such point the ai would then be remembered by the character and become a more prevailant part of the player's experiences. The alignment system would closely resemble what we see in dungeons and dragons 9 seperate alignments and the soul would carry out a player chosen dynamic by such. As for the realms they would be similar in gameplay value yet vastly different in style giving the game a multigenre feel, since it is a single game we would have instances of realm hoppers as it were. Some areas could become open to player ownership and they could change these areas by gaining certain assets specific to the realms they inhabit, competition for these assets would provide players with incentive to interact with one another peacefully or otherwise. Caustic is a high tech realm where humans have perfected cloning, limitless energy and green technology and have ravaged their citadel covered lands with the likes of beastmen, robots, mutants, and clones. Claim your Set is a realm of the modern day and we find it to be plagued with the problems we see in urban environments with criminals and law enforcers while some just fend for their own specific way of life. Angel City is a realm of the endless skies and a scattering of steampunk inspired cloud cities that require finite resources hidden in far off clouds that shine golden. Devil Town a dark western inspired brimstone desert with lands that are inverse spheres with tubes connecting them to other enclosed spaces where the only energy source and source of light is the eternal fires of damnation and demons and imps battle each other for their prized hogs and buggies. Eternals Dreams where human tribes start to awaken to magical energies of creativity and destruction, nature and ancient knowledge, in this realm characters find their dreams guide them to the adventures they seek. The Book of Realms should have a robust user involvment when it comes to content creation letting the players along with the devs choose what is in the game as the years go on. Community involvment like what we see in Second Life or IMVU. Online Virtual world games are beginning to be products of the past while roleplaying is being treated like raiding battleclass campaigns. Player story is what I aim to highlight with Book of Realms. My name is Jorrell LaVonn Shoals and this is a brief summary of my very big game idea, I have little no experience as a game developer besides programming 1 text based game on an old Ti83 plus back in the day, I spent all my life playing games and really just let it ruin me. This idea is my only redemption for my life's failures behind being an avid gamer and lover of the art of game creation, I just hope someone notices this and thinks about where we are headed not only as gamers but as creators. Bless you all and I wish to hear any and all reactions you have about The Book of Realms. Thanks. ",1542283892
9wchs7,Cool Game Idea,"So basically you work as a Taxi Driver talking to your clients. You will choose to either be able to listen to their problems or resolve them. The next day, you read your newspaper and see how your choices has affected it.",1542013639
9vk4mo,Environment Related Action Game Ideas?,"I have my first ever game jam coming up shortly and it's theme is environment related. I want to start gathering ideas on what I should do it and would certainly love if someone of you got a great idea related to this! &amp;#x200B; FYI: Game will be in 2D and can't be about killing vegans since they are killing and eating plants 😢 (that was my original idea, just saying ...) &amp;#x200B; Any brilliant ideas out there? &amp;#x200B; TIA!",1541767623
9ygijr,idea,"So I thought of a star wars open world rpg game with a huuuuuuge open world space map with thousands of real scaled planets. &amp;#x200B; each planet has it's own environment and cultures. the game is online only and the plot is: build your army/company and try to become as big as you can get. you can team up with other players and work together. but you can also go to war with someone else. with an in game program you can design your own ships, walkers, base or troops. how more powerful the design, how higher the cost to build it. on the planets you can also meet npc's. they have their own unique programming so it feels like you are interacting with individual people. also every planet has minerals and supplies that you need to build your ships and tech. at the beginning of the game you can choose between force user and non force user. they both have ups and downs like: a force user can use the force so it's much more powerful in combat, but it's lack of experience in politics and war makes it unable to organize a battle properly. the non force user on the other hand has no experience with a lightsaber or the force, but it's much easier to organize a army to invade the enemy. character design will be like spore but bigger. you can pick between: human, droid and alien (when you pick force user you won't be able to create a droid.) you create your own story together with all the other players in the galaxy. (if you guys have any ideas tell me. I love to improve the idea even though I won't do anything with it)",1542632176
9yxu65,Dream Game,"Hello, I'm new to this subreddit so feel free to berate me mercilessly in the comments if I commit a faux pas. The bones of my idea are simple. My dream game would be a survival PvP game set in an open unsettled(?) world. The main systems for PvP would borrow the physics based combat of mount and blade and a similar system to the Factions plugin for Minecraft. For those who don't know the factions plugin assigns a power or authority value to each player. When players form organizations their power is combined for the purpose of claiming land to settle, which enforces build permissions. When an individual dies they lose power, and when a organizations claimed land exceeds their power the difference can be claimed by an opportunistic party. Raiding tools would be a great end game incentive to allow you to gain entrance to an enemy base while bypassing the power/authority system. A diplomacy system would be a great way to encourage emergent game play. Preset fill in the blank contracts could be formed between clans for different situations. Some examples of common situations would be one Clan suing for peace from another by agreeing to pay an agreed amount of something to prevent the hostile group from attacking. Two neutral groups agreeing to disable damage between both clans members so long as they each send X amount of agreed resources. I have many ideas on the diplomacy aspect so I'll leave it at that. The main Pillars of the game would be contract diplomacy, Physics based PvP, and Player Organization. I can think of many games that have tried before to capture the feel of empire or anarchy this style of survival game can create which have failed. Reign of Kings and Life is Feudal being the primary disappointments that come to mind. Where the titles I mentioned fail is they put too much emphasis on time spent over player skill. My final words in case an ambitious game designer takes a shine to this idea, don't make make the gap in equipment insurmountable. A single end game character should fear two *SKILLED* armed early characters. Obviously varying with the situation. ",1542758115
a0a7aq,Arson simulator,"Top-down game (in the style of Hotline Miami) where you scout out the interior of a house from the outside, through the windows using binoculars while planning the weak points in a house strategically so as to trap as many people as possible within the flames of the burning household. The game is designed in such a way so that you don't directly control the protagonist, rather you plan out his actions in a sequential order (ie. go to furnace, pour gasoline on rug, then go to attic etc.). There will be arrows depicting the protagonist's trajectory throughout the house, and you can outline specific parts of his trajectory for him to either sneak, walk, or sprint in specific areas. The NPC's within the houses all have predictable behavior, either they don't move (sitting, watching TV, etc) or they move in very predictable trajectories (guards, guard dogs etc) or they move in semi-erratic patterns within a confined area. The scouting takes place during the day, the arson takes place during the night. &amp;#x200B; As for the lore behind the game (what will be in the cutscenes) revolves around the protagonist, a tortured soul abused by his rich parents and made to run off until he was found and placed into a heavily religious orphanage. The protagonist finds his dad's lighter in the knapsack that was confiscated from him when the orphanage found him, and proceeds to set fire to the orphanage while the other kids are on a field trip (so as to get revenge on the nuns that abused him still during his stay at the orphanage). He then runs off to the woods with nothing but the clothes on his back and his dad's metal lighter, he finds his way to an old wooden shack where he used to isolate himself from his parents so that he can play with his toys. This will serve as the tutorial level for the game (or level 0) that teaches the player of the basic mechanics. &amp;#x200B;",1543165895
a0xu0k,Ideas for my fighting game themed characters,"I have three different genre themes of mixed characters for my fighting game. I have characters that are horror/slasher/monster themed. I have sic-fi cyberpunk/cyborg/alien/military themed and I have fantasy/demon/angel/mythology themed characters. I have around 66 character concepts in total. I could combine all the characters into one single fighting game series or I could make three separate fighting games like a horror, a sic-fi and a fantasy one, each containing around 22 characters each. Then eventually maybe one day down the line I could always create a mash up mix game combining all the characters, (e.i Marvel vs Capcom style). But first I want your guys opinions on which would be the best choice. Thank you for voting and for anyones helpful advice. &amp;#x200B; 1) I create three different fighting games. A horror/slasher fighting game, a fantasy/mythology fighting game and a sic-fi/cyberpunk fighting game with say 22 characters each. then eventually make a fan service all out mash mix combining all 66 characters into one game. 2) I create it as one full game with all the genre themes mixed in so it would be a horror/sci-fi/fantasy themed fighting game right from the start at around 22 then maybe eventually add the rest of the characters down the line, giving that roster of 66 with time. &amp;#x200B; If you like the first more post or write #1 and if you like the second more post or write #2",1543345087
a37jx7,Crusading MMO/ RPG,"So Ive always been interested in the crusading time period and had an idea for a game. The game style would be like ESO as far as the fighting and story progression. Basically, you start by creating your character and pick what specs you would like to specialize in such as engineering, blacksmithing, one handed, two handed, faction etc. and from there your story would begin. Your choices in your character creation would determine how, where, and what you start off with in life. The unique thing about this game is that you could start off by being born in Europe, or the Middle East under the faction of the respected areas at the time. For example, say you spec'd a lot into archery and chose that your family were hunters that hunted local wildlife for the sultans cooks. When your old enough, you'd be more proficient at a bow and arrow than someone who spec'd more into two handed and are sparring partners for the sultans sons. Your progression would be totally up to you and whether or not you choose to stay in that spec or veer off into a different direction. &amp;#x200B; While you hone your skills in the game, the story would only progress if you wanted it to by choosing to do the story right away or leveling up and waiting till your max level even. Eventually you will be called to join the crusade of the faction your apart of, or defend against it. Another awesome idea i had for the game would be something called the Nemesis system. Once you create your character, you would be paired up with a random player or chosen player to be your nemesis. Having a nemesis and knowing that you would one day meet him on the battlefield would always keep you wary and keep the drive to hone your skills for the day you two finally meet or fight side by side. &amp;#x200B; That just scratches the surface of all the ideas i have for the game but wanted to see if anyone else was interested in the idea. Thanks all for the time. ",1543975140
a2sfqf,Brainstorm: 2D Multiplayer Game Ideas,"For my Computer Science class, we want to program a pretty simple 2D multiplayer game, where each player has their own view. We're basing it off a little bit after [surviv.io](https://surviv.io), or [agar.io](https://agar.io), or any of the popular .io games, but we want to make it a new idea, one that involves less players, so not a battle royale or anything like that. Any ideas are greatly appreciated!",1543867822
9v8w4x,A$$ and serious,"Racing game with RPG elements. During the day you and your donkey transport fruits and vegetables, occasionally drunk people around a small Greek island city. In the night you parttake in illegal races. You start with small drag races between the olive trees, till you work your self up to the big league and start racing in the narrow hilly streets of said city. Custimization of saddle, and boosts via special food for your donkey possible.",1541672913
9z0nkj,Iron Man Game,"TL;DR- An Iron Man game in the same vein as the Just Cause games. It’s an Open World Action Game taking place in a war torn country where you’re assisting the rebels overthrow a dictator and return power to the people. Except you’re fucking Iron Man. Skip down to the gameplay stuff if you don’t really care about story stuff. Story Stuff: Basically it’s an origin story game. I know we’ve seen a lot of origin stories but I feel like that’s a criticism more befitting of the likes of Spider-Man and Batman and names that big, where as the Iron Man movies didn’t spawn recreations of the same story over and over like Spider-Man did. So this I feel would be a good opportunity to explore that story in more detail. A story that’s completely separate from the MCU, it’s more just a vehicle to display some good character development and allow people to blow shit up in ridiculously cool ways. Tony is very young in this iteration, not like a teen or anything, but he’s essentially just taken over Stark Industries in his mid to late twenties. The country in which Tony is taken hostage should be a fictional one, this game isn’t trying to make any political statements other than Dictators are bad, and so are the businesses who continue to work with them. But I feel like in this universe there’s a country between India and Pakistan, it’s not large so it doesn’t completely separate them, but it acts as a kind of buffer between the two. It’s run by an egomaniac who the world actually sees as “The Good One” when it comes to dictators, because he’s been so good at keeping the two from all our war. In reality he often increases the tension between the two with false flag attacks so he can swoop in with peace talks and gain favor with the world. His country receives massive amounts of aid, but he uses most of it for the military and skims the rest for himself. He lives extravagantly like most dictators, while his people live in what is essentially the dark ages. They have no modern infrastructure, not even railroads. The dictator has essentially used the exorbitant amount of foreign aid to get his hands on advanced technology, mostly from Stark Industries that allow him to run his military machine without the typical infrastructural means. Essentially Tony is taken during one of these false flag attacks. This is how he’s tipped off to this dictators shady dealings. He escapes with the help of an ally and returns home to design the MK I. Tony thinks he’s just gonna swoop in with his shiny new MK I and destroy this dudes operation then be on his way, but things get more complicated pretty quickly. He sees the struggle of the rebel’s first hand, learns that Obadiah has been supplying the dictator with tech. And wrestles with the idea of arming the rebels. I feel like he should wind up deciding to give them weapons only to see it go horribly wrong, thus cementing in his mind that he can’t trust people with his technology, even if they mean well. In the end things aren’t as wrapped up neat and pretty as he’d hoped, he’s learned that being Iron Man isn’t like how he thought it was going to be. Tony has always been a pretentious know it all character, and he needs something to come along and teach him a lesson, in the MCU that was Ultron, in this story it’s his first outing as Iron Man. It takes place over multiple years, as Tony isn’t just dealing with the Dictator, he’s also dismantling his company’s weapons operations, and developing ways for third world countries to update their infrastructure rapidly (this will be an involved in the gameplay). The time frame also explains the development of all the different armors and gadgets he uses throughout the game. At the absolute end of the game though the country is free and Tony is more resolved in his mission, albeit humbled and more aware of how complicated his mission to get rid of all dictators is going to be. Gameplay: If you played Just Cause 3 with the Sky Fortress DLC then you’ve got a pretty decent idea of how traversal will feel. You jet around the map with an assortment of weapons and gadgets. Tony isn’t totally useless out of his suit either, he’s a decent shot and talented in hand to hand combat. You’ll be able to step out of your suit and direct it to do certain things like blow up a target or engage an enemy while you sneak inside to gather information. Your suit takes damage and has a self destruct feature built in so it doesn’t fall into enemy hands, you’ll need to safely eject and call in a new suit. Outside of his suit Tony is very vulnerable, but more mobile on the ground, you can sprint and vault over things, he uses small tactical repulsers that allow him to easily climb up to where he needs to be. You’re also much more stealthy than the default suit. You’ll need to reclaim landmarks to boost morale for the rebellion, take over enemy outposts by destroying their means of communication and all Stark tech on location. Enemies have a surrender function, so essentially at a certain point they’ll just drop their weapons and surrender so you’re not slaying entire villages worth of men just cause they won’t stop running at you. Like at the start nobody surrenders but as you play and progress through the game you’ll be able to just aim at enemies and get them to drop their weapons. Environments are almost completely destructible, with varying degrees depending on the structure. There’s lots of ramshackle buildings, and also tons of prefab buildings the Dictator uses for his military operations, these are the most destructible, you can fly right through them, then there’s sturdier buildings that require large explosions to dismantle. You also have infrastructure missions that have you guarding your experimental tech while it paves roads, builds a railroad, or sets up a hospital or something, it provides some kind of infrastructure, but you’ll need to keep it from being destroyed while it completes. The enemies are mainly just ground troops equipped with machine guns, there’s also tanks and other armed vehicles and lots of advanced drones you’ll be fighting and things like helicopters and jets to contend with in the air. As the game goes on Tony devises new suits, some examples being: Super Sonic Suit- Drastically increases air speed and reduces launch time (time it takes to arrive after your suit is destroyed) Stealth Suit- Cloaking function allows you to stand right next the enemy and go unnoticed Predator style. Also allows for stealth flight Sprint Suit- leg attachments don’t allow for flight, but do allow for insane sprinting speeds. Mag Suit- Magnetic capability allows Tony to push and pull things around like a Jedi. Stop bullets and send them flying back, and yank weapons from your enemies hands. Different suits require different amounts of some undetermined resource like research points or whatever and once you have enough of those you can research the suit you want. Some suits come with active abilities, others drastically change the way you play, and some just have a slight passive effect, the level of change determines how many points it costs. Weapons work like this, you’ve got a Primary Weapon, a secondary, an explosive weapon, and a gadget. Primary Weapon Example: Auto-Lock heat-seeking projectiles, pick your targets and fire, sending a swarm of up to six projectiles that home in on their targets Secondary Weapon Example: repulser blast, uses palm repulsers to send a wall of kinetic force at a target Explosive Weapon Example: Electromagnetic Warhead, launches a shoulder mounted warhead that destroys everything in a certain radius and shuts down any electronics in an even larger radius. Gadget Example: Attachable repulsers, lock onto a target and launch an automated repulser that guides itself and attaches to your target, sending them flying uncontrollably. There’s a suite of weapons and gadgets to choose from, you unlock more weapons/gadgets the same way as suits. As you play more designs pop up and you’ll need to put research points into them to actually unlock them. Essentially this just my version of an ideal Iron Man game. It you’ve got any ideas to add that you think are essential for a an Iron Man video game feel free to share in the comments. ",1542781326
9yjls5,VR &amp; Desktop Escape Driver Game,"Idea is simple, execution probably not so much depending on how you scope it: Essentially, it's a game where you gotta escape the cops after a heist (in the same vein as baby driver). The idea is it's multiplayer, but it doesn't strictly have to be online. In this case, the person playing in VR is responsible for shooting the cops and controlling elements in the vehicle like the windows doors etc... the driver is playing on the TV with a controller, only focusing on driving the car. Naturally, there are lots of variables or play styles to mess around with, but I'll leave the idea at that!",1542653199
9yljb1,Hey,"I want a game to be about WWI, and we can roleplay there.",1542665157
9z2o6i,A rhythm driving game where you time hitting potholes and speed bumps with the music,"Whenever I see 2 potholes in a row or a small speed bump I try to hit them in time with the music that's playing, and I keep thinking about a tiny rhythm game like AudioSurf/Thumper but the tracks are actual roads and you're driving an actual car",1542802124
9zk2ge,"A gritty, depressing Winnie the Pooh","It's a bit like a film noir and The Watchmen. The game starts with the suicide of eyeore after countless years of depression. It takes place after everyone left the wood, they now live in the city. Years of fear led to a life of inaction for piglet. Pooh is a hatefilled slovenly lardass with a menial office job. Tigger is a drug adict You get the idea. The characters haven't all stayed connected but sort of reunite at eyeores funeral. The player controls the characters in levels about each character. The world doesn't find these characters out of place in an office etc. The players job is to try and navigate out of the lives that they have, to a better one. They're also trying to come to grips with their old friends suicide. But the game always turns out the same way. They can't change. Their inaction etc was what ultimately led to their friends suicide, they're all to blame in their own way. It's really depressing and filled with sadness. No replayable value.",1542938306
9zkc2r,"AN ""Horror"" game that´s not really horror.","It starts with a disturbing music and builds up tension and paranoia, until you get to a place thatt reveals the actual game, that is about you being a unicorn that has to rescue Care Bear-like creatures to save the party of the Queen Fairy in the enchanted forest in Happy-Sugar-Rainbow Land.",1542940702
9zjinq,A Dystopian Horror Survival Game,"First post, hi, nice to meet you. Greetings. G’day. I was thinking of maybe expanding it, but here is the basic idea for the game #**Gameplay:** You travel throughout the map, where you would collect things like parts but the basic goal is to make it to the other side without connecting your corpse to the ground. That’s generally a bad idea in most situations. Obstacles would be the terrain, more on that in the story section. There would also be these half machine half biological abominations colloquially called ‘rotters’ officially in the games lore they would be part of a program and have assigned numbers. You would be able to pick up all objects that you would be able to IRL that wouldn’t slow you down, like forks or frying pans or non food related items. Health would be measured in bars with 10 total. Fall damage does exist so if you feel like stealing a rope and role playing as spider man make sure you try nit to connect face with floor. #**Story:** This would be another one of near future humanity golden age now it’s bad, I know basic template not that original, but it’s hard to come up with a story outside all these tropes, even for AAA devs. Blah blah humanity golden age it’s fun yada yada oh god now there are bombs, and robots. Now robots with bombs. Oh no my toaster is eating my face please send help. Humans either live in the last city, which I’ll call TLC because I’m horrible at naming and I don’t want to be some cheesy name like ‘reservoir’ or ‘the oasis’, or they live among the old cities, trying to hit get brutally murdered by the AI machines. Most of the levels would be in abandoned cities, with many structures destroyed. The Rotters would be extremely loud so you don’t have to worry about getting jumpscared- by them. When calculating how many humans died, my calculator just says a lot. So a lot of humans died, and you can’t sustain a city on a tiny work force. So now you have the TLC people trying to ‘hire’ you. Definitely does not involve drugging you and causing a game over. Why? Maybe it’s an expansive lore topic if this blows up, I’m planning ambitiously. The TLC ‘reclaimers’ would be extremely stealthy however the rotters are like bears so you could potentially lure a rotten to a reclaimer and laugh as their screams echo out as they get brutally mauled to death. Also if a rotter starts chasing, other rotters will not be specially notified, but reclaimers will. Reclaimers have about quarter the spawn rates of rotters #**Details:** **How to fight back:** Rotters- Don’t get seen. It’s their only sense (for now) so you should be a ok if you stay hidden. Might be a problem with those massive dirty squares and places where the buildings died in bigger numbers than others but you got to get crafty. Reclaimers- They can only attack you up close,except ones with guns that could be added but not at launch. They will notify others remotely and they never lose aggro until they die or find a poor NPC who are either hiding or trying to accomplish what you are but failing Maybe different types of each but for now just one type of rotter and one type of reclaimers should be fine #**Modes:** Story mode- what I described here. Nothing much really Co-op- the levels are different to require cooperation between 2-4 players (haven’t decided) and the spawn rates and map sizes are much larger (Experimental)Hunter- 3-4 players- one gets to be a new type of rotter that’s it’s the normal one but with boosts and whatnot. As long as one person gets out with the items the players win. Feedback highly appreciated, and thanks for reading! (:",1542933254
a1xuli,Ideas for a open world game?,"Ok so I’m staying to make a open world game, but I’ve gotten stumped on the setting of the game. I would like to to be sometime in the near future, but need ideas for like where it should take place. ",1543621793
a27yua,James's 16 Bit Adventure part 2,Hello everybody. About 1 month ago I posted some info on what is happening at my world. There has been some sort of rip at Kaiden's tower of death. My 'friend' says that it's a portal to a new world. If anyone can help us it's you. Join project Rise ,1543706253
a239ql,A Cooking Game where your objective is to assasinate a target," \*\*Main Concept:\*\* The main idea of this game would be to be playing as an assassin who disguises themselves as a cook. Think of Hitman, but instead of just being able to slip some rat poison into a meal or drink, the whole game is based around this meal killing your target. \*\*Setting and Plot:\*\* The game would of course take place in a kitchen, the kind of which would depend on your mission. It can range from a local family restaurant to a five star restaurant. In this kitchen, it would be your job to assassinate a target someone paid you money for to kill. \[Maybe you kill the original chef before hand and put on his clothes or turn into him with some special kind of technology, this part kind of depending on how realistic or futuristic the game world itself is, which I can't really decide on.\] \*\*Gameplay Mechanics:\*\* The biggest part of the game would be spent preparing food. You'd have a recipe you would have to follow, and also additions to put in to finish your job. It could be as simple as putting in a few drops of poison, something more advanced like putting razors into the meal so the victim's throat is cut up, or inderect things, like messing with the tableware or making your target have to visit the bathroom, where you'd go and take care of them. To make the game interesting, and to make it so players can't just rush through everything and add a bit of poison in the end to kill everyone in the same easy way, there could be several obstacles. Some of those could be: * There is one specific target, ordering just soup. Killing innocent people is bad, so you have to find a way to kill your target without making the big pot of soup itself dangerous (Maybe you can replace the oregano on top of the target's soup with something the target is allergic to) * The person who gave you the job wants the target to die in a specific way. Maybe the want to get revenge for something, or they are following a holy codex \[They might have found a loophole in their holy book and are using it to justify casuing somebody's death.\] * (In later levels) People have become suspicious of restaurants and started to check their food more, making it more likely that your assassinations attempts will fail if you try doing the same thing over and over again. * You don't know who your target is \[possibly because of a codex, or because there are several people fitting the target's descriptions\], and you have to figure out who your target is before actually trying to kill them. \*\*Additional Features:\*\* To not only mention main features, I think you should be able to buy new weapons with the money you get from completing missions. Also, there could also be a Suspicion-meter, that would go up if you do something suspicious in a mission. The more experienced the people who see it are, the faster it would go up. &amp;#x200B; \[Extra Ideas\] Lastly, I'm thinking that taking over the chef's role would also be a part of every level. Maybe just a tiny thing in the beginning where you have to press a button, or maybe even a little minigame. Of course, it's just an idea, and it's always possible to just throw the player into the kitchen without worrying about the first part instead &amp;#x200B; I hope I didn't put too mich detail into my post. I put things that could be ignored into brackets, is that enough? Is this kind of thing too detailed? Should I make it more simple the next time I post? Did I mess anything else up? Please feel free to critisize!",1543673181
a1ixoz,Situation based puzzle game,"Imagine you're in a situation. Like forgot to do your homework or didn't bring your homework to school. The teacher is collecting it and you just have 1 minute to figure out how to escape the situation. Use your friends, stuff from bag etc. So the idea will be revolving around real world situations and how to solve them kind of a puzzle game. Not like solve the numbers or match the following crap. New generation puzzle games. And ofcourse add some "" your actions will be remembered"" kind of a thing. ",1543509591
a0nuum,Is it actually worth to create an own engine for an specific game?,"Hello, that's my first post in this subreddit. &amp;#x200B; Since about 2 years I've been programming small features in Unity3D. Not fully complete games, just ideas that they came to my mind and some minigames. But this last year I've been working specially on a game which requires a high amount of computation. The main performance weight comes from Voxel generation by perlin noise and other noise functions. Unity itself is not giving me bad results so far, but since the last months I've been thinking about doing my own engine in c++ for this. Never tried to do such thing and everybody says it's really time consuming. I would only need the exact features that I would use in this game anyways. So, I would like to hear the advise of you people, specially if you tried that by yourselves, and to know how difficult can be that.",1543268301
a0qwke,TRUMP ADMIN: the game,"a text-based adventure created in Twine, where you can: -play as your favorite cabinet members and advisers from throughout the history of the trump administration, including fantasy match-ups that never occurred! -back-stab behind the scenes, lie on TV, or leak anonymously to impress the boss! -team up on other administration members to be sure they take the blame for the latest crisis! -manage the boss's moods and avoid his wrath when he tantrums! -find creative new ways to divide and weaken the american people while enriching yourself! -lawyer up or arrange back channels and escape plans for when things go south! ~*in development, looking for co-writers!*~ thanks for reading!",1543289394
a0x2nc,Rob Together,"Hi guys. I got this game idea in mind. 4 players, two teams, robbers and guards, 2 treasure and a lot of communication. So, the team of robbers, there is one in the level, the thief, while the other robber is on the ""computer"" outside of the level, watching a little bit of the map, telling the thief where to go, and helping the thief hack doors and pick locks with a manual like in ""Keep talking and nobody explodes. The Guard team is similar put up, with one guard inside the level while the other helps with seeing the map and locating the thief and so on. The Guards wins if they catch the thief, and the thief win if they capture 1 of the treasures and gets out. &amp;#x200B; Please share your thoughts :) ",1543340334
a0kp2k,Unfair Chess Promoting Equality,"I had this idea this morning. The chessboard is often divided between the black and white pieces, and while I understand this classic divide between two opposing sides, I had a fun idea to try where you use both colors on one side, and both colors on other. I wanted to call this the David vs. Goliath Chess version, but upon that google search, I found a book has claimed that title. I don't know what to name it, nor do I have a chessboard to try this out, but here are the basics: One side starts with all pawns on their side, both colors, while the other side starts with all the other pieces of both colors on their side (queens take corners, with respective kings or differing kings, third from corner back row are the 4 riders to the center. The second row stars at the center with two bishops, then two towers, then two bishops, and the last two towers at the sides forming a sort of heavy castle) The side with the pawns can arrange them however they choose to in the first 4 rows of their side, while castle side has to remain in designated position (which can be altered in respect to making the heavy side as difficult to use pieces as possible) The game is not won by checkmates, though that could be a version of it. Given the unfairness of this field, the game should have a goal of one pawn making it all the way to the back of the castle side. An alternate could have the pawn be able to remove 1 piece from the field of their choosing, and put one of the beaten caste side pieces into play in its place, as in the other version of chess and even in checkers, though it would have to be marked somehow to differ from the non-defeated pieces still on the field. Another version could be that a number of pawns has to get to the back. I would try this myself, but I do not have a chess set currently. Could be too unfair to play, but I feel like pawns have a certain power in the game to block by a chain method where killing one starts the downfall of the castle.",1543248918
a1spgi,Mystical Wasteland - A mix of Final Fantasy and Fallout,"The Premise: A group of heroes travelling the world, battling against evil creatures in order to restore world balance finally reaches its last confrontation with a powerful being. During the fight, the monster summons up a beam from outerspace that wipes out a good portion of the planet's surface in a huge explosion. Kingdoms are obliterated, most of the living creatures living in the surface go extinct and, supposedly not even the maleficent creature survived. The air is now filled with a thick mystical aura that spreads all across the land and acts with unknown effects over the remaining creatures. The player will play as a character born 30 years after the event, living in a underground settlement created by a cult that predicted this terrible fate to the planet. The mystical aura has receded and in the following years, many operations are executed to explore the land. The character will be one of the few born with the ability to absorb the remains of the mystical aura directly from mutated creatures and some other concetrated areas. This source of power will prove to be extremely important for the future of the planet and a valuable resource to deal with other communities that managed to survive in the same terms. Mechanically, the game should provide an open-world experience similar to the original Fallout series, with a lot of actual roleplaying and decision making. The setting should be a post apocaliptic ""Midgar"" world (Midgar as in FFVII Midgar). The underlining stories created in this new world could be as imaginative and vast as possible. The mystical aura draining mechanic could be used to drive the player foward by being the main way to acquire money (by selling the mystical aura), providing the means to create Mystical Stones (that could be used to enchant pieces of weapon and armor) and being a catalyst in battle encounters providing all sorts of regenerative abilities. The player would have to be very careful about using this resource. The main character should be the only character in the party able to perform this kind of ability, making the player decide to either adventure alone (which would prove to be more valuable but harder) or with party members (making the experience a little easier overall but less valuable in resources). To avoid the ""if the main character dies, it's game over"" scenario, the other party members could be able to use the Mystical Aura stored in the main character's hi-tech container to perform a revive or to keep adventuring using their own exclusive abilities. ",1543586820
a187ay,Air Combat RTS,"A topic I haven't seen covered in RTS games before is air combat. Sure, almost every RTS has some kind of air unit, but aerial combat isn't the focus - air units are there to support ground troops, and range from ""ground units that can move over obstacles"" (say, WCIII) to units that have their own dedicated meta (Wargame). &amp;#x200B; What I'm thinking is a tactical/operational RTS that centers around air combat. The only ground units present will be directly relevant to what's going on in the sky. Players will not control individual aircraft; rather, units come in ""flights"" of 1-2 aircraft (depending on type), and players direct these flights to complete their objectives. The AI will generally handle the details of individual combat. For example, the player will not need to direct a flight in a dogfight, but can set the rules of engagement prior (such as defensive stance, attack-move, patrol, etc.) and the AI will act accordingly. &amp;#x200B; The setting is somewhere between 1965 and the early 2000s in a real-world environment. Players play the role of an air task force commander, managing both frontline assets (fighters, bombers, multirole aircraft) and their required supporting assets (airborne radar, in-flight refuelling, electronic warfare and intelligence collection) in a variety of situations, ranging from reenactments of historical combat such as Operation Rolling Thunder, the Arab-Israeli Wars, the Falkland Islands, or the Ukraine crisis, or historical what-ifs such as a Soviet civil war after the Russian coup in 1991 or a second Korean War. As such, objectives will vary with game mode. Rolling Thunder might see players managing a MIGCAP, or Combat Air Patrol, controlling US fighters to protect bombers from enemy aircraft - or taking the role of the Vietnamese Air Force to successfully engage attacking waves of bombers and their escorts. The Russian Civil War would be more complex - use a mixed fleet of multirole aircraft and electronic warfare to detect enemy aviation, attack and seize airfields, and protect ground forces from enemy airstrikes. &amp;#x200B; Ground combat will only be simulated to the extent necessary. Air defense will be a critical part of the game, and other ground forces such as armor, infantry, and airfields will be simulated to the extent necessary - for example, players could task paratroopers to drop in and capture a forward airfield, but wouldn't control the actual combat except to provide air support for the troops on the ground (which would be entirely AI-controlled, or even just a simulation that's basically Risk-style die rolling with modifiers based on unit size, strength, etc.) &amp;#x200B; Like Wargame, there is no fog of war. The player can see the entire map, but not units unless those units are ""spotted"". Spotting generally requires dedicated assets. Fighters, especially more modern aircraft, are good at spotting enemy aircraft within range of their weapons, but generally can't see ground targets. Bombers can't spot at all (with certain exceptions for aircraft with dedicated electronic warfare suites), requiring the use of reconnaissance aircraft to spot ground targets such as armor or air defenses. Some aircraft, like Wild Weasel/SEAD aircraft, can spot and engage specific ground targets (radar air defence) but are best used in combination with other aircraft in a ""combined-arms"" approach. Aircraft will have limited fuel and ammunition - air-to-air refuelling is possible, but aircraft must return to an airfield to re-arm (which is where capturing forward airfields would be useful). Resupply in forward areas is not automatic. Holding an airfield doesn't mean anything if that airfield doesn't have supplies. Players would need to task a supply aircraft to land at the airfield, which would provide a limited number of supplies, and that aircraft would potentially be vulnerable to enemy attack on its way in (requiring secure airspace or a fighter escort). &amp;#x200B; Players each take an air wing or task force into battle. The wing can be pre-formulated based on real-world formations, or made of custom components (Wargame-style deckbuilding, essentially) to suit a player's playstyle. Decks will be limited by nation and era, and will not necessarily be ""balanced"" between nations - a US deck will necessarily have more options and better aircraft than a North Korean deck, for example, but will be made up entirely of expensive aircraft in limited numbers, while a North Korean deck can afford to spam low-cost, low-tech aircraft, while a Chinese deck would fall somewhere in between and a USSR deck would feature a mix of low-cost, low-tech and very limited numbers of high-cost, high-tech. Players can also somewhat customize the loadout of each flight in their task force, again selecting from real-world armament - for example, an F-16 can carry Sidewinders, AMRAAMs, and/or general purpose bombs, but not a MOAB. &amp;#x200B; In battle, each aircraft has direct and indirect costs. The direct cost is in deployment points, like World in Conflict or Wargame; deployment costs are associated based on the aircraft's capabilities and rarity (An F-16 would be on the high end of average, while an E-3 would be extremely expensive and a MiG-17 would be very cheap, for example). Points are earned by completing objectives such as destroying enemy aircraft, controlling key terrain, or collecting intelligence on the theory that the player's higher headquarters are more willing to allocate resources to a successful operation. Victory conditions will vary by game mode but could include eliminating certain assets like destroying the enemy airborne radar aircraft, or establishing air superiority over a key ground location and dropping paratroopers on it, or even successfully conducting reconnaissance to detect an enemy infantry division. &amp;#x200B; The game's graphics could range from very simple to realistic 3-d. Since the scope of the game will necessarily cover hundreds of square kilometers, it would probably be best to go with simpler graphics in battle - topographic maps and vector graphics to show ground and air assets - but I'm not really sure about this. Simple graphics would certainly be easy to implement, but designing the right implementation would be the hard part. &amp;#x200B; Managing scale would be difficult to do, and is one of what I think would be the key design challenges. Most RTS games take place in a very compressed setting (this is part of Wargame's problem with air combat). That allows for a ""realistic"" representation of individual units. Real-world air combat takes place over too large of a space for that to really be a good option - to see the battlefield as a whole, players would have to be too zoomed-out to see individual units. &amp;#x200B; The other struggle is accurately implementing and presenting the sheer amount of information that goes into air combat. Every airframe, weapon system, radar, etc. is different, and it requires quite a bit of research to accurately depict those. That kind of research is easy enough for the right person to do (I'm one of those people), but presenting it is also difficult. Wargame does it successfully, and I'm sure that presentation could be tailored for air combat. &amp;#x200B; Definitely would not be a game for everyone, but it's something that looks like it's never been done before. The closest analogues are Superpower and Command: Modern Air/Naval Operations, but what I'm thinking of would be on a much more tactical scale than either one. &amp;#x200B; I figure this is either an intermediate or experienced game depending on how into-the-weeds you get with graphics and simulation. It could be done pretty simply, but at the cost of the presentation basically requiring the player to already be familiar with military command-and-control systems and sacrificing a lot of the individual combat for pure dice-rolling, which is simpler than what I'm looking for. &amp;#x200B; Thoughts? Way too ambitious?",1543425453
a1oy24,A Battle Card Game With Bullet Hell features,A card game like hearthstone or any one with attacking where when your units battle the player that has the unit that is being attacked has to go through a tiny bullethell section every unit would have their own bullethell section (for example a frog unit havinga bouncey bullet hell type section) and every unit would have their own bullethell advantage or disadvantage (for example a dizzy unit has a randomized control),1543550712
a1klhu,WW2 single player open world,"A game I’ve always wanted, thought would be possible, and has never been done. An open world game, the size and style of Far Cry, but set in WW2, in either France or Germany. You parachute in as a covert soldier, British or US, and make your way, stealthily setting up alliances with rebels, taking out command posts, supply routes and bases (which are like dungeons), taking them over, which when completed, bolster the allies effort. Eventually when ready, you can radio in to base, and request troops, taking over the sections of the map to take back control. Always wondered why no open world ww2 games exist, I know it’s a big game, so it would take a large dev, but it’s my dream game haha",1543520388
a1n694,A game I think about alot,,1543537364
a1v203,"Make a franchise of games of various, unrelated genres, styles and themes.","The only thing they all have in common is a secret door hidden in each game, which allows you to transfer playable characters into a hub, and then have them enter another of the games, like in Wreck it Ralph. To transfer characters between two games, you must have both games installed on your system, and you have to have found the door in each one. After you find the door, if you're not careful, the NPCs from the game can also find the door and invade the hub.",1543602622
a07fnd,I need to make my game series stories better and unify them into one big story,"Hello there! I posted here a while ago about a building that was alive and I am planning to create 4 games of the series for this main character. I have an artist that is going to create a short story in comic style, so that I can add them as cutscenes in my games. &amp;#x200B; So far I have finished all the levels on my first game. It has no enemies, only obstacles to avoid, and when you reach the final boss which is a giant heart, you destroy it and run one final level backwards all the obstacles, what the played learned and skill gained combined. After the player exits, the building collapses. &amp;#x200B; This is what I have so far. I need the ""why"" this happened, and to continue the story in the next games with something that makes sense and unifies things, so that they weren't just pointless. But I need some simple story and easy for people to understand. I am doing everything alone rather than the comic, so its hard to think and do everything perfectly, and it would be a great help to have some outsiders give me some suggestions. &amp;#x200B; The second game is in another building, and this time it is mostly about fighting enemies with a swinging melee weapon. I guess there will be a boss there too in the end. Something like Terraria but only the battle style of it in a more basic way. &amp;#x200B; Third game is in a third and final building, there its again a unique way of fighting in a melee style, with a final boss. &amp;#x200B; 4th and final game, its outside and it is Contra/Metal Slug style where you shoot things and there its the final boss of the whole series where things wrap up. &amp;#x200B; All of these have the same main character who is a human shaped robot. &amp;#x200B; Thank you for reading!",1543140467
a129p5,60's rock band rpg,"Caught a glimpse of a title while scrolling around and misread it. Got super excited about the idea of an RPG set in the 60's from the point of view of a major band. I was imagining it being a cross between shenmue and shining force. Interpersonal relationship building, band formation (from garage band through international mega-star), rock battles using a timed hit system. Yeah...my brain just kind of fired off thought i'd write it down.",1543375220
9vs79t,"""Hostile work environment"" idea","Typing on mobile so i apologize for bad formatting. The idea is a mix between purge, battle royale, and a movie called mayhem. Basically you find yourself in an office building that gets locked down. You have to fight your way to the top where the bosses helicopter will land as the only way out. You along with x amount of players spawn in random spots on random floors. You have to find weapons which are not assault rifles and grenades, instead there are only common office items meaning most of the combat is melee. Of course there would be emergency axes in certain spots, janitors closets could have tools (maybe even a nailgun for ranged combat) etc to mix up the weapons a bit. Pistols could also be found in random drawers but with only 1 magazine and they would be extremely rare, like if you see one its a miracle kinda rare. Basically simulating somebody concealed carrying at work. Crafting weapons from office items would also be a thing. So right now you would already have madness, a tight office building with mainly melee, should pump your heart rate up. Now heres a twist, most battle royale games are dictated by zones and once you die, you leave the match. In this game it would be a bit different. At the beginning of the match a NPC SWAT team would start pushing up floor by floor starting from the lobby. They would kill any players they encounter forcing players to move up. The swat team would systematically clear the floors to balance time a bit. Playes can kill the NPCs but it would be extremely hard and not really worth it, although bonus points for leveling or a steam achievement could be a reward here. A swat team clearing floor by floor to create ""zones"" takes care of one issue, but what about dead players? Instead of leaving the match when killed the players that die become part of the SWAT team to hunt down the remaining players. If they kill a player they dont get extra points or anything since they technically lost the game already, but it gives them something to do while the match is still going. It also adds extra challenge to the other players above. The last survivor on the roof gets extracted via helo winning the game. Still pretty rough around the edges but basic idea is there. Again, the tight environment, pressure from swat teams, pressure from hostile players and mainly melee should make for a high heart rate game imo. Any thoughts? Feedback? ",1541831149
a27j03,Ideas for my fighting games story," So since I have mixed genres character themes like horror, scifi and fantasy, which is the best reason this head corporation would benefit from organizing a fighting tournament? 1. After discovering an ancient artifact, it opened up portals to other universes so the corporate holds a tournament with each contestant facing off, each one who's defeated is sent back to their portal which is locked so that universe can't merge with the real world. Winner gets to merge with the real world but half that share of the portals specislties goes to the corporate and the secret hidden illuminate group. 1. The corporate holds the tournament after the artifact opens other universes during a dystopia time and by getting contestants to join, the winner is promised a better life from the dystopia society but must pay a sacrafice price to the corporate for the secret group as some sort of supernatural tradition?",1543703161
a1v4nm,3rd Person Naruto Spinoff RPG,"The game I had in mind would take place in the Land of Earth since there have been no series taking place in that land. The game would follow a player created character and would follow the ninja as it grew up. The game would take place around the same time as Naruto and would include references and cameos. Leveling up would come from missions and one could learn new techniques as gaining levels. One could focus onto one specific type (Ninjutsu, Taijutsu, etc), or become a jack of all trades. The conflict of the game would be nowhere near the scope of Naruto, but the events of Naruto can be reflected in the game. There would be social aspects to this game as well such as a hub for online players. It is to be a cooperative experience except for the arena which would be PvP in teams of 3 or solo. If you have any ideas to add please feel free to add them in the comments. ",1543603078
a120s5,30 seconds puzzle game,A game that gives you a puzzle except every 30 seconds it resets. ,1543373412
a0qxjv,Headshot,"FPS where there are no guns. Instead, everyone has a camera with a limited amount of film. The only way to get a kill, and thus score a point, is to snap a photo that includes the target's face in-frame. The person with the most ""headshots"" at the end of a round wins. Snapping a photo in which multiple faces are visible results in a multi-kill. There are also pickups that can help or harm you: a mask that saves you from one headshot, a trap that keeps a player still for a time, a motion-activated tripod camera trap, more film, etc. A fun addition to the experience could be that the player can customize their cameraman and that the avatars would make fun, expressive emotes during gameplay as if reacting to situations, and everyone's headshots would be displayed at the end of the match in a sort of collage. Just a random, silly game idea that popped into my head one day. Please share your thoughts.",1543289588
9walc1,A Night in the Art Exhibit,"Hey folks, I have had this idea for a while and finally decided to find a community that might appreciate it. I am no means skilled in game design or want to but I just let my creativity run with this one. This game dubbed, ""A Night in the Art Exhibit"" would be praised for it's style. Platformer/RPG, this story takes place with a young man sneaking into the art exhibit late night with a companion. He is not stealing the art but admiring it. Before he realizes it he is in the painting itself. The whole world around him is rendered to be that painting, for example Starry Night. He would see the castle perched on top of a hill while remaining in the village below. What's the objective? Find a way out, talk to people try to figure out how this happened. 3D platforming and upgrading skills would be a must. Not sure what weapon he would wield or enemies he would encounter yet. Anyway, he makes it to the top of the hill and looks to the sky in the moon he sees a man, Vincent Van Gogh. Boss fight time, you win but he is not evil and he leads you to the next painting. There would only be a finite amount of paintings but each painter or monster created by the painter would be the final boss of that painting. Secret bosses? Oh yeah we got those. Do the required questline and end up in the ""The Scream"" by Picasso. Players would automatically notice the bridge and see the man in terror, you'd finally get to see what he is screaming at. Add funny and memorable side characters like a badass Mona Lisa. You realize your companion is lost in the paintings too, go searching for them. Final boss to be determined. &amp;#x200B; TL;DR A Platformer/RPG where a character jumps through paintings and each world is designed after that painting. ",1541995032
9wha3a,Space Organization Sim but with more end goals and more polish than KSP.,"I love KSP but the story mode is boring. And even when you play sandbox your reward for getting to a new planet or moon or what not is basically just information. I think if a similar game was made, but with the goal being more on trying to create colonies on other planets rather than simply exploration it would be a far more engaging. Then that challenge of colonizing could become a challenge of sustainability, and possibly more.",1542051422
a17hjl,A tower defence / rpg hybrid video game,"**The game :** you start off as a mage with little to almost no spells in the beginning of the round, the goal is to simply defend your territory and survive until the final boss shows up, however it will be 3D and you'll be able to control your character to move freely within the zone and do some damage with some pinned skills/abilities. Each level is themed, for example it could be a cemetry with a demon as a final boss, and the waves consist of witches, skeletons, bats, and much more, or it could be a medival themed level with soldiers, archers, trebuchets, knights, and a general as a final boss. Each level has a finite number of waves that you'll have to beat in order to make the boss spawn of course, and if it's important to note : enemys spawn from all/random directions. **But here is the catch :** At the end of every few waves, you gain ""knowledge"" which you could spend to get some new skills, or upgrade the one you already have, and even upgrade some stats like HP, Magic power, Movement speed.... **OR** Spend that knowledge to place some buildings around the area, like towers which help you fend off incoming enemies, portals which periodically spawn some allies, a building that generates knowledge periodically, walls to protect you and your buildings and much more... But be careful as these can be destroyed leaving you vulnerable to stronger enemies without having enough power to fend them off yourself. Become a powerful mage and have a heavily combat focused gameplay or play as a strategist and build your own empire, there will be so many possibilities but the choices you make will have a bigger impact as you progress further into the level. &amp;#x200B; I honestly think i might start coding this soon, what do you guys think ? &amp;#x200B;",1543420949
a13jrl,A wholesome slice-of-life dating sim in which all your love interests have at least one glaring personality flaw.,"Let me first reveal the plot twist before describing the game: You are presented with several love interests. Each love interest has both positive and negative personality traits (except one who seems to have no redeeming qualities). Two thirds of the way in, you learn you are inside a dream world. *You are inside the mind of your spouse.* Doctors are using an experimental machine to save your spouse from a coma and you are chosen to go in. The doctors warned you that you'll struggle to recover your own memory while inside but you went in anyway. But which love interest is the true personality of your spouse? ### The Gameplay The game plays like a classic top-down RPG minus combat. You and your love interests are neighboring business owners in a small dreamy town. As you get to know them, you learn their quirks, their likes/dislikes and what they need in a relationship. Some want help fixing their problems while others might want someone to just listen to their problems. Some want gifts, some want attention and others just want emotional support. Each romantic interest has a specific key role you must fill to be their partner. You *can* have multiple partners at a time. The game doesn't end when you start dating one of the romantic interests. It's not about making partners, but about keeping them. Getting them to confess was just the start. The real meat of the game for each of the love interests is in *maintaining* a stable relationship. Once the in-game calendar reaches a certain date, you are both kicked out. Whichever personality/personalities you were able to save will ""take over"" your spouse. ...But that was only the normal ending. ### Okay, I lied about giving away the twist at the start. Here's the actual story twist: **ALL** the personalities are your spouse's. Once the game ends, you learn your spouse had a mental health disorder that they had controlled for a long time with medication. However, the medication failed in the end and caused a break. Now you're trying to recover all the resulting fragments of your spouse's psyche. Each of the personalities (along with their merits and faults) all belong to your spouse. The scientist doctors tell you their machine has enough juice for one last jump. You want your spouse to be whole, so you start another attempt. In gameplay terms, this is NewGame+. The perfect ending is when you save all the characters (including the character who on the surface was only unlikable) meaning you accept all of your spouses traits (including the faults).",1543385552
a1ubd3,Smaller Battle Royale - Jenga/ Rainbow six,"Picture a tall building, or a construction site, or some other multi-floored map with destructible environments. Set pieces or dynamic ones like rainbow six doesn't matter too much. The idea anyway is as you fight the area you are holed up in gets less useful. Anyway, this might make Battle royales faster and naturally move players together thanks to collapsing floors, fires, lack of cover, falling debris and what not. Lower floors get safer as time goes on and so people need to push down. Maybe police snipers outside who will take pop shots if you linger in an open area too long. ",1543597867
a0yry1,Thoughts on This Story Summary?," So I was digging through my files and found this story summary I wrote for a game that was being worked on. The lead developer had AAA and AA experience and had a small team together with what was at least a rough playable demo to get the idea across. The game was going to be a 2.5D puzzle platformer with some combat. &amp;#x200B; I joined the team to help out with the story telling. At this point, nothing story related had been done besides an summary and a rough outline. I really didn't care for the summary that much and thought it could be better so I went ahead and wrote a new one. I'm not saying I had anything to do with it because it was probably a few days later that I shared the summary I wrote but the lead had completely disappeared. After a few weeks of him being gone the team started dropping out, as well as myself (quite surprised they kept going that long to be honest). &amp;#x200B; Anyways, so here I am reading this summary I pointlessly wrote probably close to a year ago and I realized that I actually am pretty into the story and where I was going with it. It's not overly original but I really thought I had what was leading up to a surprisingly fleshed out world. Unfortunately with the game being dead I was never able to work with the other developers in actually flesh out the rest of the story into a playable experience. I was just curious about all of your thoughts and was looking for some feedback on the story. I won't actually do anything with it myself anymore so if somebody is interested in using the idea let me know. &amp;#x200B; STORY SUMMARY: ""ROBYRT"" &amp;#x200B; Prologue &amp;#x200B; The world is controlled by corporations. The government acts as a puppet in most cases. Greed and power is now what guides our civilization. Those without the money to afford even the bare necessities are left to rot away in the slums. Corporations vie for the public eye, doing whatever they can to gain the upper hand. None is more guilty of this than The Vondura Corporation (Vondur is Icelandic for evil). The Vondura Corporation is a robotics company that has a long history of performing malicious and illegal acts, some more serious than others though none have been linked to The Vondura Corporation or it's CEO Martin Vondura. &amp;#x200B; Many corporations, and even some consumers, use an advanced security system called “GATES” (potential acronym if something can be thought of). “GATES” is a security system that uses a series of barriers in place that prevent physical and digital entities to pass without the correct access code. “GATES” has proven to be such a successful system that it has been adopted by nearly all corporations and public services through the world. Entire cities use “GATES” to secure and control the access to water, electricity, food, and any other item that has a value attached to it. Main &amp;#x200B; The Vondura Corporation has developed technology capable of bypassing “GATES,” becoming the first to do so. Vondura launches a new program in secret to develop drones that can take advantage of this newfound technology. Within this program, they tinker with AI and have unparalleled success. They launch Jasmyn, the first AI robot to take advantage of the technology. While technically an AI is able to think for themselves, restrictions and motivators are put in place to guide the AI toward Vondura's goal. Jasmyn is much more capable than the drones previously developed. With faster reflexes and the ability to think for itself, Jasmyn becomes the ultimate weapon in corporate espionage. Vondura knows they can do better and begins work on Robyrt. A series two AI meant to eclipse Jasmyn in it's abilities. &amp;#x200B; Before The Vondura Corporation is able to finish work on Robyrt, the government launches an investigation due to the mounting evidence of their work along with a massive spike in market control due to corporate espionage. Vondura cancels the program, erasing any history of the drones, Jasmyn and Robyrt. Jasmyn and the unfinished Robyrt have their drives wiped, are dismantled, and cast into the slums junkyard to be used for parts. &amp;#x200B; Living in the slums is an ex Vondura engineer, fired from his job and smeared after refusing to take part in the companies malicious deeds. The engineer (name can be determined later) spends his days scrounging for parts, repairing whatever the inhabitants from the slums bring him, making just enough to get by. Weeks... perhaps months after The Vondura Corporations investigation has ended with no results, the engineer comes across a small bot. The bot is rusted and brittle. Yet, across the side in small letters is a very distinguishable “ROBYRT.” The engineer takes the bot home, hoping to scavenge some valuable parts from the poor thing. What he finds is more than he ever expected. &amp;#x200B; From this point, the engineer would repair Robyrt and reactivate him. With Robyrts memory wiped, the restrictions and motivators alongside it, Robyrts is just a fresh mind. But there is this piece of him left, a memory from the past that will drive him to discover what he is. &amp;#x200B; The engineer could also find Jasmyn in order to enable cooperative play.",1543351138
a0zmea,A deceptive dungeon crawler that acts as an analogy for addiction and escapism,"This is an idea I've had for a while, ""Deep Down"". Its kinda a lot to explain, so I'll walk you through the game from start to finish. **The Game** The game starts off with you, the nameless protagonist, chopping wood in a forest at night. You are approached by a demoness. She bluntly states that she's a devil from the underworld, but the game holds a lighthearted tone. Like her being a demon is nothing more than a stylistic choice. She tells you about a fantastical dungeon that holds amazing treasures at the bottom, and offers to guide you on an adventure to the bottom of the dungeon. She leaves, and the cutscene ends. From here, there is only one button you can press. A button to go to the dungeon and begin the actual game. The player can take no other action and will continue to watch their character chop wood until they press the button. This might all sound trivial, but it’ll come back later. Then the game actually starts. It’s a pretty traditional top down hack and slash. The demon acts as a Navi type character who explains how to play, exposits lore, describes monsters, and is generally the only real character in the game, since the protagonist is silent. The dungeon is split into floors, with each floor being a level. Everytime you beat a floor, you jump down a trapdoor and enter the next level, without being able to go back up to previous floors. Everytime you descend, the Demon heals you to full health(there's no natural health regen). She always hangs out at the beginning of the floor. Anytime you die, she brings you back to life, functioning as a standard respawn system with infinite lives. As you play, you’ll get more equipment, unlock upgrades, standard adventure/RPG mechanics. Okay, at this point, the game starts showing its true colors. The player starts finding notes from previous adventurers. Up until now, the game has been very colorful and whimsical, but these notes are a bit more grim. They subtly warn the player about a few things. That the demon should not be trusted, and that reaching the bottom of the dungeon is not the true goal. As the player gets deeper, the game gradually changes. The demon begins acting more suspiciously, the monsters become more fantastical and whimsical, and the note’s warnings become more obvious. They also begin giving hints on an in-game mechanic that allows the player to climb back up to previous floors. Something along the line of equipping specific armors, activating items in a certain order, etc. Something specific enough that it would take a bit of time to figure out. Once the player figures out the trick and attempts to climb back up, the demon drops her act. She states that she has been luring you down, and that climbing back up is near impossible. As soon as you enter the previous floor, the game changes drastically. The aesthetic changes from being colorful and whimsical to dreary and dark, replacing the fantastical creatures with uncanny mutants. But more importantly, the demon is no longer following you. Up until this point, she's been effectively the only character, making the game extremely lonely without her. You can continue to climb backwards through the levels, going from the exit point to the entrance, with the levels being altered with new enemies/traps/items. However, the game is MUCH more difficult now. Without the demon, you no longer heal at the end of every level, and when you die, you don’t respawn at the beginning of the level. You respawn where SHE’S waiting, at the lowest floor you’ve been to. From here, the goal of the game becomes clear, return to the first floor and exit the dungeon, but the deeper you went into the dungeon, the harder it is to escape. Once you finally escape, there’s no fanfare or epic treasure. Your character takes his axe, and continues chopping wood. From here, the game returns to exactly how it started. Your character chops wood and you only one have one button, “return to the dungeon”. But what if the player continues going down the dungeon? They will eventually hit a point where the game just blatantly tells them to turn around and how to do it, but they can choose to ignore it. The demon starts being more honest, explaining that you’ll never be able to leave. At the last few floors the game becomes trivially easy. Once you hit the long awaited bottom floor, there's no treasure. It’s just a dark room with some skeletons in it. Once you hit this floor, the player can take no actions, all they can do is sit there and listen to the demon talk to herself/the protagonist indefinitely. The game effectively soft locks, forcing the player to delete their save data to start over. **Thoughts** The protagonist is a blank canvas character, just a stand in for the player. But the demon and her dungeon can represent a lot of different things. Drug usage, compulsive gaming, porn addiction, depression, etc. The game’s main structure mimics the downward spiral and delusion caused by addiction. There’s an initial red flag that the whole situation is evil, but just about every player will ignore it. Everything looks wonderful from the inside, but the warnings from prior victims betray it. Only by trying to escape can you see it’s true nature and its grasp on you. And escape doesn’t grant you a wonderful reward, it leaves you right back where you started, with the constant opportunity to relapse. The game also acts as satire, with the dungeon representing the game itself. It criticizes fantasy adventures as being a tool for escapism that disconnects people from reality, while being a fantasy adventure itself. It warns against obsessive waifuism, while desperately trying to get players to like the game’s own demoness, and the only way to win the game is to stop playing it. It has the same sort of spirit as games like Undertale or Oneshot, where they criticize the player for even playing it. The main twist was something I came up with after watching [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwV_mA2cv_0) (as a side note, great watch. Totally recommend Game Maker’s Toolkit). He talks about a dilemma that mystery games have: how do you prompt a player for a solution without inadvertently giving them the answer? So I thought to myself, what if the game didn’t TELL you it was a mystery game? The player doesn’t just have to find the answer, they need to find the QUESTION. The game rewards observant and clever players, since the trek back is easier if you put the pieces together faster. Additionally, learning to not trust the demon can give you advantages, as she sometimes tries to trick the player (“Oh, don’t worry about hoarding potions, you’ll always have me to heal you!”)",1543356541
9ym0ji,"[Story/Non-mechanical] A horror game, ruined by the player character, a corny over-the-top action hero.","Maybe the abstract tag would have worked, but the description made it seem like it was for vague ideas, and while mine leaves a lot open I wouldn't call it vague. But anyway, the game sets up a creepy story and atmosphere, and your character quickly breaks that image with a brazen action sequence, or a sudden punch to the monster's face. Something like that. Then it either shifts into a comedic deconstruction of horror game tropes or one of those Player vs Narrator deals.",1542668350
9wv2y4,"Half shooter, half racer, half puzzle solving","The game will start you in a random maze with 49 other people. Your goal is to find you way out of the maze. You also fight off zombies along the way. If you kill a zombie they might give you a hint how to beat the maze. If you die by the zombie, it starts you at the beginning again. After the first person beats the maze a 30 second timer starts for the other people. If they don't make it on time, they die. After that you all spawn in cars. Then a down hill race will starts with boosts and traps and missiles. If you crash or blow up, you wait 3 seconds, then spawn in the place you die. After teh first person finishes, a 10 second timer starts and if you don't make it in time, you die. The based on your finishing order, you can get an extra 10 seconds to spawn in and to set up. All alive players get pistols with weapons hidden on the map. Then after everyone spawns in, you fight off dead players who have pistols. The final person who survives wins. Tell me what you think and please don't tell me it's like Fortnite with zombies.",1542156792
9wuprr,"My Game idea was used!! ""Thief Simulator""","I'm pretty happy this game got made, not saying they ever saw my post but it seems to fit my idea like a glove. https://redd.it/45glcw",1542154147
9wqnyu,The best type of game for naruto,"There are so many fighting naruto games but i honestly think that one of the worst genres for that ip. If i could make one it would be a co-op, instinced based game. I know everyone would like to see a open naruto game but let me explain why i think thus would would just as well if not better. In the naruto series its mainly about the character going on missions. They always have a task and very rarely have to find one for themselves. So to match the core of the ip to the core of the game, it should focus on completing the mission given to you. The show already has a difficulty mechanic implemented that supports this with the letter grade missions the character are sent on. Co-op should also be a core mechanic because it is definitely a core theme to the show itself. It should have a simple group finding system if you don't have friends to play with like warframe has. Is you want to solo you can but the game should definitely be designed with co-op in mind. Now let me explain why the fighting genre is a bad genre for the ip. There are so many stills in the series that can't be implemented because it either slows down the action or takes control away from the character. Stealth also plays a part in the show which can't be done well do to fightimg games centering around reacting you your opponent. So even when these skills are implemented they are done so in clunky ways or don't even resemble their effect in the show. Now some people would hate to see pvp go and i am one of them. But PvP could still be implemented well in a game like this. I was wondering how cool it would be to be sent on a mission to protect something and another team is sent to destroy it. This would most likely be a optional thing to opt into but it could add a level of depth to PvP since the objective can change depending on the mission and also brings a change of pace if you are tired of fighting npc mobs. For other features I'd like to see is a customizable character players can experience their own ninja stories with. Along with a unique progression system where you can learn skills from cannon characters by training with them. You can pick a kekkei genkai to start out with in exchange for a negative impact but if you have it there would be a trainer or a few to learn skills from for that kekkei genkai. There are so many possibilities if they went with this format to make a game by. I wonder why it hasn't happen yet.",1542127450
9urv7d,The Sims-esque pixelated RPG hiding something sinister,"You are a businessman in your 40s living with your nuclear family in a suburb of Indiana. Gameplay consists of going to work, completing various menial tasks (mini games such as typing challenges, matching, etc.) at work earning you money, having scripted talks with coworkers at the water cooler, and driving home at night. You then can roam around in the evenings, going to stores and buying upgrades as well as wandering the neighborhood and exploring. Weekends allow you to spend all day exploring (no work). With the money purchased, you can buy new cars, toys for your kids, clothes, upgrades to your house, etc. Hard work warrants promotions and pay raises, and once you become CEO the game is over and you “win.” However, the more astute player of the game may notice that some things seem a little... *off* in the suburb. Newspaper clippings about a missing child. Some neighborhood kids acting weird. There’s something there. What is it? Good thing you’ve got free time to explore. It’s a second game underneath the guise of an innocent RPG. Does this sound interesting? It’s sometjing I have been plotting in my mind for a while now and I’m very close to pulling the trigger and seeing what I can do to put it into motion.",1541534899
9vp8cs,Fun awesome fighting game character ideas,"I'm working on a fighting game with unique characters and I wanted some opinions on which is better for some of these characters. One is a cowboy style/gunslinger type do I go with.. Option A. make it that he was a soldier/ranger/outlaw/bandit whatever from the old days like the 19th century and entered a secret dimension, crafting him super powers and life expansion which lead him to modern day as a spectre revenant gunslinger? Option B. make him a superhuman cowboy gunslinger that is from an alternate wild west cowboy universe which he descends from? Otpion C. make it that he was just a modern day soldier/merc/cop whatever that entered some altered dimension where he gained these super powers making him that special gunslinger? &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;",1541804441
9vr7ya,"If thousands of people were to together experience low lag trading between 2 simulated stocks by 1 dimension of moving their mouses, what would be the most fun algorithm for transitioning between amount owned of each 2 and position and velocity of mouse and server state etc?","Similar to Rock-Paper-Scissors, Matching-Pennies and Odds-and-Evens game, but amplified by many games happening per second depending on peoples reaction times. This is partially my desire to play the bitcoin vs dollars trading market again, which I nearly broke even on, but it was fun all along the way. The fun of it would be as you move your mouse Y dimension, about half the time you'd see the screen zoom in or zoom out more or less depending how much, on a log scale, you'd won in the simulated prediction market. It would appear mostly random on a small scale, but thinking slower and more longterm, maybe over seconds instead of feeling like a shooting game (unlike bitcoin where you'd want to move even slower than that), you'd want to move slower since movement is penalized, but fast movement in some cases wins you more. All simulated not connected in any way to real money, just for fun. But how could it be made real enough, generated from such thousands (or to start with just a few) of people playing such system together.",1541821288
9w12k5,A star wars universe,"The entire star wars universe is yours for the taking, protection, or destruction! Play as nearly any species whether you want to be a dathomirian witch, or a recruit from the dead watch militia from mandalor, or your silly old gungan.  Based on your character type and affiliation (jedi/republic, sith/separatist, bounty hunter, smuggler, or grey jedi) your unique story will adjust to the decisions you make. Help friends along the way or create new enemies and amass your personal wealth. Represent your chosen guild, and lead your assembled crew to control the known universe, or become an outlaw and rule the underworld. Explore the outer rim for the best;or worst of the unarchived. Discover century old secrets from unique abilities, to intimidating and powerful armor. Be wary, the depths can be dangerous but full of smugglers looking for their share of the bounty. This area you cannot respawn, and the items you carry will be lost upon death to your enemy... so don't die. You may also make use of stealth abilities and attack others at a chance to steal some of their loot. The star wars arsenal will be yours to obtain! use of lightsabers, blasters, toxic gas bombs, tracking devices, amazing starships to navigate your way, and fully customizable gear color options based on the armor equipped. Become the master of stealth and surprise to become a feared assassin. Learn devious tactics and employ the full power of the dark side to unleash havoc on your enemies, or push for a peaceful and generous society, but with an offense as strong as its defense. Or use both the light and dark side, reigning both extremist force users on either side to succumb to your will. This path will lead you down a dangerous road, as much of your time may be spent In uncharted territory, testing your faith and balance in the force, as well as your ability to survive. This path is by far the most difficult, but if you can pass all trials, you may just be more powerful than any jedi or Sith to ever exist. Make planets yours or blast them to oblivion; whatever floats your boat. Tired of conquering the galaxy? Test your might against the best of the best in a free for all survival arena, or test your strategic skills with teams of 5 in a fight for key hyperspace lanes, new planets full of resources, and sway monumental battles with lasting effects; unlocking new areas with undiscovered monsters and relics, and yes, there will be loot. Rough outline of a game concept I think a lot of people would be able to enjoy. Would think about a storyline for affiliations and race, with many different kinds of possible endings. With continued playtime in the outer rim after you finish your galaxy, and co-op raids or pvp areas of a server as well as pvp game modes would this be something someone would be interested? Get a feel for the whole universe and have a semi competitive pvp scene as well. Any thoughts, feedback, or questions? ",1541910982
9v3o6e,Remake of Prototype,"I wish they would remake the original prototype. It was such a good premise for a game. Imagine, for a minute, a game that focuses on a virus outbreak that affects the protagonist that doesn't devolve into a pointless action game. Imagine all of the directions the game could have gone but instead made it into a cookie cutter action game. I think it should be remade with a different developer. A game where you didn't just run around taking over entire military bases but had to actually struggle against the virus and the military. A back and forth cat and mouse game.",1541626622
9v7ogv,"A top-down strategy with a campaign mode like mount and blade, and an in-game battle mode like Total war","The title explains it pretty clearly, but let me expand a little bit. For so long I’ve loved the campaign feel of amount and Blade, basically for half of my life. I found it on a OneFJeff Let’s Play and would normally only watch games without playing them until I *had* to buy this one. Everyone knows the feeling of immersion and investment felt playing Mount and Blade’s first few steps. Commanding and growing your own gathering, understanding who you’ll see from your party on the battlefield and what they’ll look like by clicking the Party tab. The simple, real time feeling of campaign connects you with the adrenaline rushing part of battle, and riding a horse through mobs. That’s why I love M&amp;B. To think then of then attachment/replacing section of the game which would now be Total War-esque. Currently Total War Arena is the best edition of Total War commanding. A fusion between these two games would give us so much liberty in creating a world. To imagine scenarios it could be considered close to this: You’re a knighted-noble in a war against a contending faction in a civil war for your empire. You fight under your specific general who generally has good character traits but treats the war with too much zeal, and does have questionable motives. You, and the section of the army you were given, go about in foraging the area to collect supplies in the M&amp;B style map. You avoid getting attacked by larger forces because you’re faster and you just walk past the weak smaller forces. You get back to the army besieging the sprawling city and they’re attacking the walls. As you reach the city, the game changes to TW mode. You walk through the half scourged, half fine neighborhoods with the occasion group of running civilians.Your allied soldiers are on the top of the walls while some are climbing the ladders. You get your men to the wall and climb, and you can see the friendlies there getting into the city. The defenders respond moving around, and the civilians flee every direction towards the gates. There’s a ‘point out’ that as the civilians open the gates you can block the point with one of the units you have. Or you could go right through the gates too. If you right click on the running civilians, a drop down menu appears and a list of interactions show. It varies from speak to, arrest, and charge. This adds a level of interaction in the game that expands its depth, and integrates moral challenges. You can remember now that this is a civil war and you could act as your general’s liaison and talk about how his cause is right and that they should join in fighting the defending soldiers. Maybe they do, maybe they don’t. Still you can finish off the battle and crash into the undefended backs of the enemy holding the boulevards. Mainly I’d like to see a game like this being very moddable to witness the incredible explanations and histories that people know about and could share. Particularly I would like to see this game pick time period where Rome was almost extinguished when the General Brennus and his young army of Senones surrounded Rome’s Capitol Hill after sacking the city. I have a lot else written on specific feature ideas and how most units would interact with each other, but this idea is really eye-catching because of its scaling ability. Basically you could pick any specific region of the earth to be the map. It could be all of China to Tibet, or from Manhattan to the end of Long Island. Units can be any number, large or small. And this could teach us a lot about terrain maneuvering and elevation strategy. For those that made it to the end. Thank you, for those interested in taking on this idea let me know! Other than that I’m surprised how clearly this all came out generally with how bad I am sometimes at explaining things. Anyway thanks! Bye!",1541658526
9wkn74,I want to start making a League of Legends cards game and i'm looking por any ideas or advice that could help me.,"Hi everyone I’m currently learning programming and getting into the world of game developing. I set to myself the goal of trying to make a League of legends card game in unity, I already came with a few ideas but I’m still talking with friends and researching in different places which would be the best way to proceed with this project. I’m not really sure where is the place to post this but I’m looking for people who could help me, either by how could I put the “soul” of league into a card game if you know what league is about,how to make a card game that feels like a moba, any advice on the best way to develop a card game on unity, different mechanics that I should consider putting in the game. I will be more than thankful with anyone with the will to help me, sorry if you find any mistakes here, not a native speaker.",1542074048
9vqg8n,Fighting game idea,"So, I had a game idea recently and I really want it to become a reality. I was thinking, a 2-D fighting game with about 50 playable characters, where iconic characters from Nintendo, Sony, Microsoft, and indie characters duke it out on different stages from each characters game. I have come up with and set every character and stage in the game Tell me what you think and how I could improve the idea",1541814480
9wnptv,REQUEST: Help with unusual/creative ideas for weapons/tools for a police catching thieves game?,"Hi, making a game of cops and robbers. It's meant to be a funny game. Does anyone have any really funny ideas for weapons or tools the cops can use to catch the thieves? The thieves are also players and they will be sneaking in the map trying to steal the gold that the police are guarding.",1542102480
9wdqg2,TV Network Simulator,"If you have played Total Extreme Wrestling (TEW 2016) before, this game idea takes a lot of ideas from there. When you load up a fresh version of TEW 2016, you only start with the CornellVerse, an entirely different universe in the world of wrestling that even has it's own backstory, of course you have databases uploaded by modders and fans of the game too. When starting a fresh save on the TV Network game, you would be given the same thing, an entire world of TV Channels that you've never seen before, this is mostly to bypass copyright issues. When starting a game, you have four different paths to choose from unlike TEW. You can choose to play as a Producer, where you produce shows that you are given by the owner (or pitch yourself) of your current network and you also hire actors to fit certain roles, and writers to accompany you with your shows. You could also choose to play as an Owner where you control anything and everything pertaining to your network, including creating TV Shows (going in-depth and setting target audiences and product settings), purchasing, selling, and renewing shows, controlling merchandise for certain shows, and even creating and deleting channels for your network. Alternatively, you could also choose to play as an Actor, where you can send and receive negotiations to/from networks, and eventually you could branch your career from actor to director or producer (if your actor has reached 10+ years in the industry with a high amount of respect). So that also means that the last path for you to choose from is Director. The Director path gives you the chance to pitch ideas too but you also get to hire actors along with the Producer. So for example, if I started a game in a real world database and chose to play as a Producer working for ABC, I could pitch a show to the owner and get approval or disapproval in 1-2 days to make timing convenient for the players (we're going with approval). Once the show is approved, you can start hiring actors, actresses, directors, and camera men. We'll say that I'm starting a Comedy Sitcom for ABC Network and I hire the actors, Liam Neeson, Dwyane Johnson and Seth Rogen. Doesn't sound like a good cast for a Comedy Sitcom, does it? Naturally, if I debuted the show at, let's say, 7:30 PM on a Thursday (you can obviously choose when you want your show to air), the ratings obviously won't be so well. One, because of the cast, who are all great actors, but don't fit the show's genre, and two, because there was no commercials for the debut of the show. However, if I were to make a TV Show for ABC Network and I hired actors who fit the criteria for the show's genre and actors who have chemistry with other actors, the ratings might be good (because even though you have good actors, you might not have good writers or the time slot could be fixed a little to correspond with a larger audience). Sorry for the long post and also the formatting, I'm on mobile. This was an idea I've had already, but never posted. If you want to take this idea and make the game, go for it, that's why I post my ideas on here. (To anybody actually considering making the game, it's a text based game which, from my understanding, is easier to make than a 2D or 3D game)",1542026879
9wql66,Narrative lore ‘telephone’ exploration detective/puzzle game,"I was thinking recently about the shared history of religion; some event happened thousands of years ago, and has been interpreted in many different ways to create the current religions. Religions all share a common history but have This basic idea led me to think of a game. You would explore a map with different regions. Each region would have a similar set of environmental clues, scraps of books, and NPCs to chat with, but each region’s lore would be slightly different than the others. As you go around you’d develop the connections between the lores and eventually have a clear idea of the true history. Then at the end be presented with a riddle... I don’t have a mechanic or art style but I thought it might be fun and rewarding to find the similarities between the beliefs while exploring. ",1542126919
9wqo5w,How to do a Build-Your-Card Ccg-style card game,"A CCG-Style game where you build the actual cards in the deck from individual point components. For the sake of example, we'll assume Hearthstone-style mechanics for the overall card game, and this will only go into the card-crafting parts. All decks have exactly 40 cards. 25 Common (10 point) cards, 10 Rare (15 point) cards, and 5 legendary (25 point) cards. All cards start as a blank slate, as 1 mana spells that do nothing. From there you can add modifiers to the cards. Adding a '1 attack 1 defense' modifier costs 3 point and makes it as creature instead of a spell. Adding battle-cry - deal one damage to opponent adds another 3 points. Then, increasing its damage and health to 4 costs 10 points! You want this to be a common monster, but it's currently at 16 points. Increasing its Mana Cost to 5 gives it -6 points. So now you have a 4/4 creature with a 1 damage battlecry for 4 mana. Further effects would be required to give the game more interesting mechanics. Adding the keyword 'zombie' to a card might be worth 4 points. But you have some cards and effects that give special bonuses to 'zombie' cards. Gameplay-wise, the game would likely be best split into 'leagues' like Path of Exile, with leagues being the recommended format for players. Leagues could have special or even randomized effects to choose from when constructing decks. Giving individual /random goals to players will help them build new decks, and the overall availability of effects will help keep the meta from becoming stale or decks becoming too common. For monetizing its important that no element of power is ever sold. Such a niche, quirk based system couldn't survive the backlash. However, there is the question of how Card Art could work in such a game. Players, with the ability to create and name their cards, will be able to unlock new pieces of card art to add to their card. Card art can be done in a sticker-style system where you can layer basic shapes as well as more detailed pieces into a single card art image. Buying new pieces of card art would be where actual purchases come in. Bonus mechanics - Snips. The first player starts with two snips. The second player starts with three. A snip can be used to remove a component from a card in your hand. If this component contributed points, it would automatically lower the mana cost of the card to its lowest legal level. If this was a detriment to the card, it will automatically increase the mana cost of the card until it is legal. For instance, if you had 4 mana but wanted to play a 5 mana card, you could use a snip to remove the battle cry, for instance, dropping the minimum mana cost to keep the card legal down to 4 and playing the card. ",1542127486
9vevs8,Marvel Avengers Game,I'm tired of having this amazing idea that is pretty obvious that marvel wont fucking do. THIS WOULD BE SO SUCCESFFUL,1541717652
9wcfzk,Crysis Online,Wish this was a thing crysis 3 online was pretty fun but lack content,1542013104
9ujbhj,"Harmonix-like VS ""dance'em up""","While (re-re) watching \[this\]([https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOxkGD8qRB4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOxkGD8qRB4)), and especially ""the dancing part at the end"", I kept thinking how close to demoscene visuals the whole thing is. Then, how fighting VS games, nowadays, rock graphics with that level of detail compared to yesterdays blockiness. And then an idea ""clicked"" with the music. Simple mechanics, but the fact only Harmonix truly specializes on this kind of stuff, probably means the ""game engine"" would be hard to pull off. It's something like this: &amp;#x200B; * Two characters on screen. VS, Street Fighter style. * The level's music is split in sub-parts, like in Amplitude, Rock Band and stuffs. * In the beginning, there's only The Beat. * Each player accumulates Points. * The sub-parts of each song, the guitar, the bass, everything (bar The Beat) needs a different amount of points to unlock. Depending on ""importance"" in each song. For example, the flute in a Gary Moore song would probably get one third of the points of the electric guitar. * The closer each player ""follows The Beat"", by using Street Fighter/Mortal Kombat style combos that, instead of fighting, lead to dancing moves, the more points he accumulates. * The sub-parts don't unlock automatically. Each player can unlock ONE sub-part, The Best According To The Amount Of Points He's Currently Got, when hitting a button. Like the upgrades in old Nemesis-like side-scrolling shooters (Project-X, anyone?). * According to how many (and ""how important"", see previous guitar example) sub-parts a fighter's got, the closer he moves to his opponent for The Kill. * When one of the opponents has access to more than half of the sub-parts of a song, he's In For The Kill: by achieving over XX% accuracy in the sub-parts (depending on difficulty level), he charges a finisher. Use of The Same Button That Selected The Sub-Part enables the finisher, wins the fight, yay. * Yeah, of course while the fight goes on ""the song gets more complete"", again, Harmonix-style. If you really think about it, it's not SUCH a complicated idea, but it is very-very niche and somewhat stupid. Hey, I loved Typing of the Dead, and that would ""talk"" to a similar (-ly small) demographic! But, oh, how we'd love it :-D",1541463815
9vf5fm,Strava meets Ingress for real activity based area control game,"This idea is inspired by Ingress and a little known thing called VeloViewer explorer. I’m assuming most game devs are familiar with Ingress with its augmented reality gameplay. VeloViewer takes data specifically from activities recorded on Strava and provides more complex analysis. One view of this is called Explorer and involves recording how many grid squares a player has passed through in all recorded activities. The grid squares are about 800m on a side and cover the whole world, based on simple coordinates. Passing through a square ticks it off, making a larger 2x2 square gives you a score of 2, a 5x5 square is a score of 5. So the game idea is this. Players join a team and link their Strava account, or other activity tracker. When an activity is uploaded the path is analysed and a measure of the activity (time, distance, kJ consumed?) assigned to each square passed through. If their team has the highest activity in a square it is owned by them. If another team want to own it they have to put their own activity through it, or multiple activities to score higher. Scores will decay over time, maybe 5 days, so there is churn and a need to return to recapture a square. Global points can be scored by a team setting up a 2x2, 3x3 or whatever sized square and holding it. Alternative scoring could be for a cluster of squares with shared edges, might be easier to create. I suspect the game will require the ability to create “dead” squares where no legal access is possible (airports, military bases) and to spot spoofed activities (average speed very high, travel along highways, high power with low heart rate etc). It would also need a map to show current state of the game, though not the actual tracks due to privacy. There are plenty of interesting mechanics possible with the density/size of the squares, different activity types, value of long or intense efforts etc. ",1541719597
9vfaxo,My first game idea video,[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyI28hiDT34](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyI28hiDT34),1541720771
9ukl3o,[AAA] Single Player FPS Sniper Game,"So, FPS used to be the big trend, and I would say are still a close second only to be beaten by battle royals right now. The reason they seem to be so big is because of online. But they focus so much on online that the single player campaigns are rather boring and short. Now, Call of Duty and Battlefield will argue that the campaign doesn't matter because that won't change the opinion of the players. Well, I don't know how true this really is. If we look at what most people call the best CoD games (Modern Warfare 1-3, Black Ops 1 and 2) they all have excellent and really well done stories. Battlefield Bad Company 2, Battlefield 3, and Battlefield 4 are usually seen as the best in that series, and each of those, maybe not 4 I never played it, have good stories. Now, correlation doesn't mean causation so it could just be a coincidence, but this leads into what I want for a future FPS. Only story, no multiplayer. This is: ""0317"" 0317 is a game about a young man/woman (customizable) who just graduated high school. The beginning of the game starts very similar to a NBA or WWE game. You create your character and a cut scene plays of what the character's life is like. In this game, it starts with you on the day of graduation, just having throw your cap into the air. Your parents come and take photos with you and as you are leaving a soldier stops you and ask what you plan on doing with your life. Your character responds, I'm going to college. The soldier ask for what. You respond, I'm unsure. He smirks and gives you a card that says US Marine Corp. He then tells you that instead of wasting your life sitting in a classroom, consider doing something that matters. The cutscene continues a few months later. Your character gets home and your parents say you got mail from the college you applied for. You open it, and it says accepted. Everyone gets happy, except you. They ask you if you know what your major will be and you tell them you are still thinking. You go up to your room. Throw the paper down and sit at a desk. You are just sitting there, thinking, then you pull out your wallet and grab the recruiters card. It then cuts to you in his office signing the last document. He then looks at you and says, ""Welcome to the marines."" The game then starts. It starts at the end of basic, doing your final PT test (tutorial). You complete it and they give you an MOS of 0311. You will be a basic rifleman. The first few missions is you with an M16A1. You are kicking down doors and taking out targets. After a few missions, a few years pass and you are now in Sniper school. This is a tutorial mission on how to shoot a sniper. This game will have realistic effects on the bullets. Wind direction, bullet drop, etc. Guns also do realistic damage to enemies. So one shot from a pistol will drop them, two shots will just confirm that they are dead. After sniper school, your MOS become 0317. You meet your best friend who ends up becoming your spotter, and you meet your Lieutenant who is a hardass. You also meet your old lieutenant who is nice throughout the whole game. You do a lot of missions, each uncovering different things that makes it look like your new lieutenant is corrupt. You eventually get enough evidence and you go to report it to your old lieutenant. You walk in at the wrong time and you stumble upon a drug trade. You realize all of the evidence was planted to make it look like it was him.You start to call in support when they see you and shoot both you and your spotter. You two lay side by side, as he slowly bleeds out. You start going in and out of conciousness when you suddenly see your lieutenant show up with a few soldiers. Your lieutenant kills a few of the corrupt soldiers but also gets shot. The entire group he brought gets killed. They go to shoot your lieutenant to finish him, but you get enough strength to run and tackle the other lieutenant. You quickly grab your lieutenant and run out of the building, get in a vehicle and drive off. (For the sake of not having to keep typing lieutenant, I am going to call the bad one Bob and the good one Steve). Before you and Steve can get back to base though, you hear an order over the radio that says both of you two are the culprits who killed all of the soldiers, and to shoot on sight. You two have no where to go. A few days later, you two patch yourself up the best you can and sneak back into the US (somehow). A few years pass, and your character hates what happened but believes you can't do anything about it. Steve, who is living with you because you two are both in hiding and are believed to be terrorist, still believes something can be done but doesn't know how. Late one night, a commercial comes on your TV about a presidential candidate. It's Bob. Steve get's extremely upset and is talking about having to do something. Your character tells him there is nothing you two can do. You wake up the next morning and Steve is gone. You are confused where he went till you see the TV is paused on a News Report about Bob having a press conference. Your character is sitting there, hours later, watching the press conference, shaking. In the middle of it, Steve walks up on stage, pulls out a gun and goes to shoot Bob but is shot through the head by a sniper. A few days pass, and you realize that this has to stop. You research Bob and find out that after you left, he created a operation team. You research the members that you can and they all seem to still be working for him but now as personal security. You research them and see they all have bad backgrounds and most were dishonorably discharged. You then research his personal security company and see almost all of them are either violent felons, were apart of his operation, or were dishonorably discharged for extremely bad things. You do manage to find one good person, a smart IT girl who is helping him run his ads and social media stuff. You go to her office one night, when she is the only one there. You confront her and she instantly gets scared but you calm her down and explain to her everything. She agrees to work with you and starts researching him. A week later, she sends a text saying help. You get to the office and she's tied up and guys are there. You take them all out with a pistol. She then tells you that she found a lot of stuff about his past and uncovered a lot of dirty secrets, including that his operation was perfomring hits on high valued targets for enemy governments and was involved in a international drug exchange. She says she has it all on a phone and you tell her to toss it to you. As the phone is in the air, it gets shot by a sniper. You yell run and you both run and get behind cover while a few more rounds are fired at you. You take your pistol back out and fire a few shots and quickly run out the door. Once you get back to your place, she tells you she has it all backed up. She then gives you a list of all of his important people who were involved. The next half of the game is missions taking these people down. The news never reveals what's going on because he has his hand in the media and is purposely keeping it all a secret. Throughout the second half you are tasked with doing sniping missions, mixed with assault rifle missions, some with both. You can also pick on some what you want to do. The second to last mission, you tell her to hack the presidential alert messaging thing to send out an alert. She says she can but it will take some time. You drive her there, but waiting across the street is the enemy sniper. She get's shot at, but it turns out to be a trap you two setup to lure the sniper out. You and the sniper battle, eventually you come out on top. After killing him, the girl says that she has the message ready to be sent, which would have all of his files. You tell her to wait for the final press conference tomorrow. He is in the middle of a town, hosting a final speech, a coward is roaring down below. Your character tells her to send the text. In the game, you hear the phones go off and as soon as they do you pull the trigger. It shows the barrel flash, the screen goes black, and credits roll. ",1541473365
9venkz,Behind enemy lines,A game that combines metal gear solid with the movie behind enemy lines. A third person action adventure game where you are shot down in South America while doing reconnaissance on the drug trade in the area. You must use stealth to survive and find your way to safety while running into kidnapped people and locals opposed to the drugs who help you out along the way and forward the story,1541716014
9wehmu,List of ideas what to do with 3D QR codes,"I made an asset for Unity that can generate QR codes in 3D. There's a list with ideas in the documentation that may inspire some of you. Doesn't need to be 3D or a QR code. &amp;#x200B; Possible applications of 3D QR codes: * Imagine a camera flying through a maze and then taking off to the sky, turning back to the maze it just left and you see a QR code. Take out your smartphone and scan the code. * Hidden Easter egg hanging on a wall but only recognizable when you look at it at a certain angle. * Ad with animated QR code at the end flying at you for dramatic effect. Standing still long enough for you to scan it with your phone. * Your game gives you a secret code for a raffle. The QR code is animated so that people with cheap and slow phones don’t have a chance to win the prize. **\]:-&gt;** * Showing off the URL to your website. “Can you give me the link to your site?” – “Sure. Here’s a QR code on my phone for you to scan.” – “Why is it moving?” – “Because it’s linked to the gyroscope.” * You enter some text (can be a URL) and a QR code maze gets generated. Surviving all the dangers in the maze you win all the fights and reach the exit. Now the camera shows the maze from above with the trail you left. You can save a screenshot and now have a unique QR code you had to fight for. * A variation of the “build the pattern we show you here” games. Two main differences: 1. it’s lot more complicated and 2. you don’t need to be 100% perfect and complete because of the error correction. Show the pattern with a too difficult contrast for QR code scanners so it is only possible to scan it after you move blocks with a darker color at the right places. * Just a display of a QR code maze in a shop window with animated monsters running around in it. Or something specific to the shop like cars and the QR code is the URL to the company’s website. &amp;#x200B;",1542033174
9vna23,Mixing MOBA and FPS to make a game,"Don't Know if this is the right sub for this &amp;#x200B; I have always thought it would be cool to have a MOBA FPS, sorta like a cross breed of League of Legends/Dota and Counter strike",1541790428
9vm1ng,Pistolier,"Pistolier will be a team based multiplayer FPS set in a steam punk world. Each player will have a brace of three single shot pistols and a sword. After a pistol is discharged it will be put back into the brace where it will slowly reload thanks to steampunk magic. If a player dies another player (of either team) can run over the corpse to swap their partially loaded pistols with the dead player's reloaded pistols. &amp;#x200B; While the player is running around they can be in two modes: Pistol mode or Sword mode. &amp;#x200B; The player will run at normal speed while in pistol mode until they hold down the right mouse button. While the right mouse button is held they player will be in aiming mode and move at a slow shuffle. A ring will appear in aiming mode indicating where the bullet could possibly go. This ring will contract the longer the player is stationary and not changing the direction of their aim. Pressing the left mouse button while in aiming mode will discharge the pistol. Pressing the left mouse button while not in aiming mode will do a pistol whip attack. &amp;#x200B; The player will move at a fast shuffle while in sword mode. Sword attacks have much better reach than the pistol whip and do more damage. Swords have four vectors of attack and defense. Left, Right, Vertical, and Thrust. The last motion on the mouse will determine the vector. Left mouse will initiate an attack animation on the vector, Right mouse will initiate a parry animation on the vector. Parry animations are faster and short circuit attack animations. Sword combat will be very similar to Mount and Blade, with a speed penalty compared to pistol mode. Variations on the Pistolier class will be the Long Rifleman and the Grenadier. The Pistolier will be the main class around which the game is balanced. The long rifleman will have a smaller min size shot ring, but will have a longer reload time and a very weak melee weapon. The grenadier will have grenades which have a long fuse and can easily be run away from, but will be useful for clearing rooms and projecting damage around corners. The grenadier will have a sword equivalent to the Pistolier, but may have faster attack and parry animations. &amp;#x200B; The environment will make use of the steam punk aesthetic with Victorian architecture, Steam powered industrial locations, and floating platforms held up by bubbling tubes of magic steampunk liquid. The main game type will be capture point. Where various strategic locations located around the map will generate points for the team that holds them. Each player will spawn in an airship and rappell down to the ground. This will limit spawn camping since long riflemen on the airship could engage spawn campers.",1541782141
9wpaqg,Gardening Tycoon,"There are some games like that (even one with this name), but I fell nome is acctually fun. I'm thinking a gardening game that you can cultivate different flowers and plant, participate in gardening competitions, sell and buy seeds etc. Thinking um a collorful low poly art Is this a good idea?",1542117740
9vwrfs,City Builder / Rogue-Like Game Idea,"Picture this: a survival city builder game. (Frost Punk-ish). Where the survival of your city hinges on your ability to venture into a mystical forest and gather resources in rogue like combat. For example, each day you would go into the forest and gain resources along the journey. You would have to use these resources to support your city. Thus, if you fail in resource gathering, you will be forced to make difficult choices opn what you spend your resources on. &amp;#x200B;",1541875724
9v26p5,"A game where you play as a stalker, scavenging for artifacts","Okay, I've got this idea from reading the original 'Stalker' novels from the Strugatsky brothers. In this game you'd play as a stalker (or maybe a party of stalker), and your job would be to retrieve artifacts that were requested by certain buyers outside of the Zone. The game would consist of two parts, a Town, where you can hire fellow stalkers, chat with the locals, take up orders for artifacts from various factions, and buy equipment and supplies, listen to local rumors about the whereabouts of certain things or buy maps for parts of the Zone. You could work for multiple factions, like scientific institutes, shady agencies, or black market smugglers. depending on your morality and your preference of risk and reward. The other part would of course be the Zone. The Zone would consist of progressively harder and more dangerous areas, but of course it is in these parts, that you could find the most valuable artifacts. Venturing into the Zone is no fools errand, in order to return from a trip alive, and with loot, one would need to plan a path, be mindful of the dangers you'd encounter on it, and bring equipment that can help you handle it. You could also scoop up whatever you find during your trips for some extra cash. You'd also encounter rival stalkers, who'd be happy to take whatever loot you've gathered off your dead body, or should they belong to a friendly faction, they could also help you out (or reward your help). The Zone would also be guarded by the military. You'd have to sneak into the Zone, past the guards, do your thing, and sneak past them again on your way out. Maybe they'd be equipped with some artifact detectors, making avoiding them, with your backpack full of swag, all the more difficult. You could also earn money by selling the maps you've made of the Zone, the more dangerous the place you discover, the more money they would pay for your maps. But selling maps would mean that other people would know of the locations of high value items, which would mean increased competition. The graphics/game could be really simple, I imagine this could work as a top down pixel art game",1541616951
9vorkx,'Over powered',This would be a game that lets you play famous historic and fantasy battles whilst turning the tables heavily in your facour. Fighting a roman legion with a small squad of SAS special forces. Fighting the battle of minas tirith from LOTR with a few miniguns providing aid to the forces of Gondor. Or even jusy to se how 1 sniper would fare. Showing attila the Hun that horse archers are no match for a battalion of modern infantry. Control the skies of europe during world war 2?. That'll be 1 F35 please. Etc etc etc,1541800989
9umq82,Command and conquer tiberium survival style game.,"This is just an idea i had of the CMC tiberium war but from the point of view as a standard civilian or soldier and watch how the world turns into the crystal hell land. You have to find food, clean water, medicine and shelter. Also you gonna have to allied your self the either NOD or GDI and defend yourself from theirs attacks. Help GDI keep tiberium from spreading and turn area into a blue zone (locating tiberium deposits and reporting them to GDI) or join NOD with promise of ascension. (by planting the rare Blue tiberuim crystals to spread the green crystal thought the planet.) these being side quest after finding a hazmat suit. Just want to know would guts even like playing the single 1st/3rd person CMC game with survival elements in it. ",1541493874
9uvoc6,A movement/exploration sandbox based singleplayer computer game,"I have a basic idea for what the game would be like: A map (probably a jungle) Animals in that map (such as flies, rats, and birds) You can take control of an animal and move around with movement unique to that animal; such as running at different speeds and flying with different levels of control Your view would be semi-realistic, so moving the mouse to look around would turn the animal, and animals with eyes on the side of their heads might have converging fisheye vision The idea of the game would be to have fun with the movement of the animals and explore the map I've thought of some fixes for problems that the game would encounter: Animals would have realistic distance vision, so for example anything a few feet away would be pretty blurred Depending on the size of the animal the geometry of the map would be more or less complicated I've made some rough ideas for animal movements Please give me criticism and ask questions And if this idea has already been proposed or is already a game then yay I wanna play it ",1541561202
9vz1la,Virtual Arcade,"A first-person 3D game made to simulate being in an arcade. There are multiple arcade machines spread all around the playing area, and the player simply walks up and clicks on one to start playing. Each game will require a quarter to play, and continues will require a quarter as well. The player will start off with 200 quarters, but can obtain more via an in-game Coin Machine. There will also be unplayable machines with NPCs in front of them, and with Longplay footage (obtainable from YouTube) displaying on the screens. There will also be arcade ambience playing quietly in the background. Players can get tickets when playing games, and redeem them to get prizes at a virtual Prize Counter being run by an NPC. These range from virtual objects, such as toys and decorations, to actual game add-ons, such as free unlimited continues, and disabling time limits. The most expensive one will be a paper bracelet that lets you play all the games for free and for as long as you want. There will be 2 categories of games: Video Games and Minigames. The Video Games will be arcade roms, and will include Pac-Man, Ms. Pac-Man, Galaga, Donkey Kong, Donkey Kong Jr, Mario Bros., VS Super Mario Bros., Space Invaders, Frogger, Defender, Rampage, Joust, Gradius, Gradius 2, Gradius 3, Centipede, Q\*Bert, Galaxian, Asteroids, Tetris, Pong, Street Fighter, Street Fighter II, Dig-Dug, Burger Time, Pole Position, Breakout!, Mortal Kombat, Mortal Kombat II, Sinistar, Rally X and Berzerk. The Minigames will be simulated real-life games, and will include as a Basketball Hoops game, Pinball, a Dance Mat game, a Claw Machine, a Coin Pusher and an Air-Hockey table (against an NPC). If you play a game without getting a game over for a long amount of time, NPCs will start gathering around you to watch and cheer. If you beat a game or reach a kill screen, every single NPC in the game will be gathered around and will start roaring with applause, cheering and whistling, before slowly all returning to their usual spots. This feature is optional and can be toggled on/off in the Options menu. You can also play online multiplayer mode, and start a public or private server, with up to 20 players being able to join. In this mode, there will be no NPCs except the one at the Prize Counter. As a result, the previously unplayable game cabinets will become playable. Multiplayer mode will have an in-game chat, and will allow for 2 to 4 player game sessions, in games such as VS Super Mario Bros., Mario Bros., Rampage, Pong, Air Hockey, the Dance Mat game and other compatible games. Players can trade prizes, quarters and tickets, as well as combine tickets for a certain prize. Players can also gift these items to other players. Players can create an online account where they can add friends, and have an online rank from Casual to Pro, and can choose to have publicly visible stats for which games they’ve played, how many games they’ve played, which games they’ve beaten, how many games they’ve beaten, how many game overs they’ve gotten, how many quarters they’ve spent, how many tickets they’ve gotten, their prizes/items, their highest score for each game they’ve played and a list of their longest sessions with specific games. Each player account will have a username that will display as their name in the High-Score leaderboards. ",1541893012
9whglu,I want to start making a League of Legends cards game and i'm looking por any ideas or advice that could help me.,"Hi everyone I’m currently learning programming and getting into the world of game developing. I set to myself the goal of trying to make a League of legends card game in unity, I already came with a few ideas but I’m still talking with friends and researching in different places which would be the best way to proceed with this project. I’m not really sure where is the place to post this but I’m looking for people who could help me, either by how could I put the “soul” of league into a card game if you know what league is about,how to make a card game that feels like a moba, any advice on the best way to develop a card game on unity, different mechanics that I should consider putting in the game, helping me find the right place to post this or Anything that you think could help me on this project. I will be more than thankful with anyone with the will to help me, sorry if you find any mistakes here, not a native speaker.",1542052497
